# Joint SC-TWG meeting, Thursday August 8th, 2024 

## Participants
### Invited
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)

**Steering Commitee reps:**

* Joshua Abbott (ABB) / Reinhard Achatz (ABB - B&R )
* Daniel Lazaro (Schneider Electric -AVEVA) / Philippe Gelin (Schneider Electric) / Christian Platzer (Schneider Electric)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation) / Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Urs Gleim (Siemens AG)
* Darren Kimura (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Fabian Frank (Microsoft Corporation) / Christoph Berlin (Microsoft Corporation)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Shamik Mishra (Capgemini)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)

**Technical Working group reps:**
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini) /  Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark(ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Boris Scholl (Microsoft Corporation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson(ABB)
* Adam Qiu (Emerson) / Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Keith Basil (Suse) / Alan Clark (Suse)
* Jeffrey Osier-Mixon (Red Hat)


### Present:
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Joshua Abbott (ABB)
* Daniel Lazaro (Schneider Electric -AVEVA)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark(ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson(ABB)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)



## Agenda:

* Open Source Summit Vienna: discuss Margo Meet & Greet event (participants, prep, announcements)
* Update on Device orchestration requirements forum (discord, focus groups)
* Assign lead, cadence, and scope for new Security Focus group
* Progress update on specification review by Steerco reps (Abbott, Berlin, Lazaro, Callen)
* discuss proposal for virtual workshop: adjust 12-month deliverables timeline , apply code-first pattern in daily technical work


_note: Recording is available via LFX individual dashboard_

## Minutes: (to be updated)


**Validate meeting minutes July 25th meeting**

* meeting minutes approved without changes.
* https://github.com/margo/technical-wg/blob/main/minutes/joint_sc_twg_meetings/2024.07.25.md

**Open Source Summit Vienna: discuss Margo Meet & Greet event (participants, prep, announcements)**

* Margo Networking Happy Hour at the Open Source Summit (OSS)  Europe confirmed: : Sunday, September 15, 4-6pm : https://margo.org/event/project-margo-at-open-source-summit-europe/
* missing consent from Margo members joining the event for having their contact details shared. **TASK**: Nieuwborg to sent note to TWG and SC mailing list, asking to sent consent to operations@margo.org
* Margo members can collect their t-shirt at happy hour. Margo stickers available to distribute
* Burson  will run the Margo pop-up/booth at the Member summit on Thu 19th September: https://events.linuxfoundation.org/lf-europe-member-summit/  


**Update on Device orchestration requirements forum (discord, focus groups)**

* confirmation that weekly Device orchestration requirements & scope discussion (mondays) is discontinued. 
* proposed focus groups to build and define the API's and patters have not yet been started due to a lack of volunteers to lead the work.
* consensus to create a new Discord forum, limited to Margo Members only, is available to continue further refinement of the scope and requirements, until focus groups are established to perform the work. https://discordapp.com/channels/1225812888854200382/1270474559983980676 
* **TASK:** Craig to populate the new forum with reached consensus on device orchestration scope and proposed framework for new focus groups
* critical device orchestration aspects creating dependencies for workload orchestration work have been merged into existing focus groups.

**Assign lead, cadence, and scope for new Security Focus group**

* consenus not to create a dedicated working group for Security. each existing (or future) focus group will take full ownership on security aspects of their piece of Margo
* consensus to create a Security focused collaboration space in GitHub where:
    * each focus group posts their specific Security related designs, concepts, patterns
    * security best practices are posted and learning material is made available to the community
    * Margo contributors advertise their security related compentencies, allowing focus groups to reach out to these individuals as needed.
* **TASK:** Craig to put in place the Security collaboration space and share details with technical community

**Progress update on specification review by Steerco reps (Abbott, Berlin, Lazaro, Callen)**

* Good progress made on the Observability area. Overall good fit between specification and Margo Vision.
* recommended pattern: Steerco review team to work with individual focus group lead to discuss recommendations, and use discord channels as appropriate. avoid using GitHub mechanisms.


**discuss proposal for virtual workshop**

* Nieuwborg shared proposal for virtual workshop on Thursday September 5th, 16:00 CET (10 AM EST, 19:30 IST)
    * https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qIPmPgiJtvlbvxs42CDRPb-NWSZCRwsr/edit?usp=drive_link

* Objective : 
   * assess progress to date, velocity of TWG, check alignment with "code first & not re-inventing the wheel" principles and Margo deliverables timeline.
   * if required, reach consensus on updating timeline and adjust collaboration patterns to Margo principles.
   * participants: Steering members only. both Steerco rep, TWG rep and MWG rep are invited. SteerCo could decide to opt in General and Contributor members.
* **TASK:** SteerCo reps to provide consolidated response to confirm by Friday 16 August support for proposed date, or propose alternative. (email to joint-sc-twg@lists.margo.org )  
* **TASK:** SteerCo & TWG rep of each steering member to assess TWG progress versus Margo deliverable timeline , assess alignment with "code first & not re-inventing the wheel" principles. Read-out to be shared by Thu August 22nd (email to joint-sc-twg@lists.margo.org )


## Agenda for next meeting (2024.08.19):

* Prepare virtual workshop :
    * discuss individual Steering member assessments
    * confirm date, agenda & decide to opt in other Margo members.
    
