**Joint SC-TWG meeting, Thursday July 25th, 2024** 

**Invited Participants**

* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Joshua Abbott (ABB)
* Daniel Lazaro (Schneider Electric -AVEVA)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* himanshu singh (Capgemini)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Christoph Berlin (Microsoft Corporation)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Boris Scholl (Microsoft Corporation)
* Christian Platzer (Schneider Electric)
* Darren Kimura (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Erik Nordmark(ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Fabian Frank (Microsoft Corporation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Philip Presson(ABB)
* Philippe Gelin (Schneider Electric)
* Reinhard Achatz (ABB - B&R )
* Shamik Mishra (Capgemini)
* Urs Gleim (Siemens AG)

Present:
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* himanshu singh (Capgemini)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Daniel Lazaro (AVEVA Group)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Erik Nordmark (Zededa)
* Joshua Abbott (ABB)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)

**Agenda:**

* validate meeting minutes June 27th meeting (https://github.com/margo/technical-wg/blob/main/minutes/joint_sc_twg_meetings/2024.06.27.md)
* Review proposal for device interoperability scope
* Assign leads & cadence for new interoperability focus groups 
* discuss proposal for virtual workshop: adjust 12-month deliverables timeline to recently observed contribution level, apply code-first pattern in daily technical work (see minutes June 27th meeting)
* Progress update on specification review by Steerco reps (Abbott, Berlin, Lazaro, Callen)
* Assign lead, cadence, and scope for new Security Focus group 

_note: Recording is avaialble via LFX individual dashboard_

**Minutes:**

* Storm and Nordmark both act as TWG and SteerCo lead for respectively Siemens and Zededa.

**Validate meeting minutes June 27th meeting**
* meeting minutes approved without changes.
  
**Review proposal for device interoperability scope**
* Craig raised concerns on limited review of scope definition document created during previous calls. No feedback was provided so far by other contributors. He indicated having limited bandwidth to further lead this discussion forum.
* Craig presented conclusions and proposal for 3 new focus groups, covering the device management scope 
* feedback round from SteerCo reps:
    * Schneider Electric (Lazaro) : unable to provide company vision on device management. deferred to Platzer for response, in next meeting
    * Rockwell Automation (Nieuwborg): aligned with proposed focus groups
    * Intel (Callen) : aligned with proposed focus groups. currently aligning internal resources to provide incremental contributions. Device onboarding is specific area of interest for Intel.
    * Zededa (Nordmark): aligned with proposed focus groups. highlighted the need to clarify dependencies for workload management/orchestration from this device management space.
    * Siemens (Storm) : aligned with proposed focus group. preference for tier 1 use cases and scenarios. (tier 1  = non Margo device management + Margo compliant workload orchestration)
* Due to incomplete SteerCo feedback , prioritization of proposed work (tier 1 versus Tier 2 / 3 proposed focus groups) was not performed.
* Craig highlighted the conclusions from previous discussions that brownfield migration is important, but not a first priority. Group concensus is to focus on greenfield use cases, where device vendors take responsability to make a their devices Margo compliant "out of the box" (either brand new devices, immediately Margo complaint, or upgraded (existing) devices that become Margo compliant but in device vendor's responsability) 
* group consensus to maintain current workload orchestration focus group activity until completion (=draft spec, ref implementation, compliance testing). only if new members provide incremental resources, new device management focus groups can be initiated. 
* group agreed that Tier 1 concept requires more granularity of requirements definition, especially for dependencies on Workload orchestration workflows. 

**Assign leads & cadence for new device interoperability focus group**
* none of the participants volunteered to lead one of the new focus groups
* decision not to start any of the working groups, and defer the decision to a future meeting
* decision to maintain weekly discussion cadence, further documenting requirments for device management/interoperability. Focus will be on areas that create dependencies on workload orchestration focus groups already in execution. Craig repeated conern of his limited bandwidth to lead these calls. Lookign for volunteers to pickup the lead.
* the continued weekly calls will not discuss prioritization of work, unless SteerCo participation reached quorum to make strategic decisions.
* creation of a new  "device management/interoperability" channel on Discord and dedicated repository in Margo's shared drive (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WXpKkWxR38hjmxUqEzefi3ZH0QdkP-le?usp=drive_link), supporting further exchange, outside of weekly calls. 


**discuss proposal for virtual workshop**
* not discussed. Deferred to next meeting.

**Progress update on specification review by Steerco reps**
* not discussed. Deferred to next meeting.

**Assign lead, cadence, and scope for new Security Focus group**
* not discussed. Deferred to next meeting.

**Agenda for next meeting:**
* Open Source Summit Vienna: discuss Margo Meet & Greet event (participants, prep, announcements)
* discuss proposal for virtual workshop: adjust 12-month deliverables timeline to recently observed contribution level, apply code-first pattern in daily technical work (see minutes June 27th meeting)
* Progress update on specification review by Steerco reps (Abbott, Berlin, Lazaro, Callen)
* Assign lead, cadence, and scope for new Security Focus group 
