# Joint SC-TWG meeting, Thursday, Oct 17th, 2024 

## Participants
### Invited
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)

**Steering Committee reps:**

* Joshua Abbott (ABB) / Reinhard Achatz (ABB - B&R )
* Daniel Lazaro (Schneider Electric -AVEVA) / Philippe Gelin (Schneider Electric) / Christian Platzer (Schneider Electric)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation) / Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Urs Gleim (Siemens AG)
* Darren Kimura (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Fabian Frank (Microsoft Corporation) / Christoph Berlin (Microsoft Corporation)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Shamik Mishra (Capgemini)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)

**Technical Working group reps:**
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini) /  Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark(ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Boris Scholl (Microsoft Corporation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson(ABB)
* Adam Qiu (Emerson) / Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Keith Basil (Suse) / Alan Clark (Suse)
* Jeffrey Osier-Mixon (Red Hat)

### Present:
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
* Adam Qiu (Emerson)
* Daniel Lazaro (Schneider Electric -AVEVA)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Fabian Frank (Microsoft Corporation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Jason Shepherd (Atym)
* Deepak Gunjal (CG)
  
_note: Recording is available via LFX individual dashboard_

### Summary Notes
The meeting centred on updates from various focus groups. Jason shared progress on the taxonomy effort, highlighting the adaptation of the LF Edge taxonomy for industrial applications. He emphasized the importance of cloud-native principles and zero-trust security, with the team aiming to publish a white paper by mid-November. 
Sean addressed developing a governance process for Margo, including mechanisms for collaboration and approval. Armand stressed the importance of making significant progress in the code-first approach, taking into account common infrastructure and community engagement.
Additionally, the group discussed the idea of consolidating technical updates into monthly steering committee meetings to streamline communication and reduce meeting overload.
### Minutes

**Taxonomy Update** -
Bart introduces the main topic of the meeting, focusing on the taxonomy and its positioning in industrial automation. Jason is asked to provide an update on the taxonomy effort he has led with Josh and Adam. Jason mentions that he, Mond Johnson, and Adam have been working on the taxonomy and a white paper, aiming for a mid-November publication.
The discussion includes adapting the LF Edge taxonomy for the industrial context, focusing on management and orchestration paradigms.
Jason explains the different management paradigms: data centre edge, distributed edge, and constrained device edge, highlighting the technical and logistical trade-offs.

**Discussion on Cloud Native and Zero Trust Security** -
Bart questions the decision to remove the term "cloud native" from the taxonomy, emphasizing its importance. Jason explains the rationale behind using "cloud native capable" and the distinction between distributed edge and constrained device edge.
The conversation delves into the importance of zero-trust security models for distributed edge nodes. Jason highlights the need for different tool sets based on trade-offs, even though the goal is to coordinate them around APIs and semantics.
Bart suggests ensuring the audience understands that workload orchestration and observability services can run in the cloud.

**Finalizing the Taxonomy and Next Steps** -
Jason discusses the Margo technical architecture and how it relates to the taxonomy, emphasizing the importance of cloud-native principles.
Bart suggests adding text to clarify that the patterns can run in the cloud or on-prem data centres. Jason agrees to add the necessary text and bullet points to the paper for clarity. The conversation touches on the needs of different personas (OT and IT) and the security challenges they face.
Jason mentions the importance of recognizing other industry taxonomies and standards in the paper.

**Feedback and Next Steps for Taxonomy Paper** -
Daniel provides feedback on the paper, emphasizing the importance of covering why industrial edge has different requirements.
Jason acknowledges the feedback and agrees to add the topics to the paper. Bart thanked Jason and the focus group team for their progress and encouraged feedback on the draft paper.
The conversation shifts to the decision framework focus group, with Sean providing an update on the specification website and governance process.
Sean explains the goal of creating a collaborative page to help members understand how to use GitHub and the review and approval process.

**Discussion on Code First Approach and Prototyping Work** -
Armand provides an update on the code-first approach, focusing on making meaningful progress and gaining community excitement.
The conversation touches on the challenges of exposing end-to-end prototypes and the need for appropriate context around them.
Bart suggests sharing prototype work with appropriate disclaimers to explain the demonstrated patterns. The discussion includes the logistics of sharing prototype videos with potential investors and partners. Sean and Bart agree to work on a process for sharing prototype work with the appropriate access rights and disclaimers.

**Optimizing Meeting Schedules and Closing Remarks** -
Bart proposes moving the discussion forum into the monthly steering committee meeting to optimize time and reduce meeting occurrences.
The conversation includes feedback on the proposed changes, and there is a consensus to keep the current cadence of every other week.
The idea of renaming the slot to a brown bag session is suggested to make it easier to plan and prioritize. Bart thanked everyone for their contributions and looked forward to receiving feedback on the draft paper.
The meeting concludes with a commitment to continue working on the taxonomy and other focus group initiatives.

**Action Items**
- [ ] Send the draft taxonomy white paper to the group for feedback by the end of this week.
- [ ] Provide feedback on the taxonomy white paper by next Wednesday.
- [ ] Create a template for submitting issues/feedback on the prototype content repository.
- [ ] Work with Fabian to provide access to the prototype videos with appropriate disclaimers.
- [ ] Propose a plan for incorporating the technical working group updates into the monthly steering committee meetings.
