## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 16 May 2024

### Attendees:
* Dr. Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Arne Br√∂ring (Siemens)
* Christian Storm (Siemens)
* Daniel Lazaro (Aveva)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Jannis Achstetter (Schneider Electric)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)

### Agenda:
- Definition of "Done" - what does v1.0 look like
- New Margo Project Boards
  - Project Management Templates
  - Rendering the specification 
- Scope of the Specification

### Minutes
Armand called the meeting to order at 10:10 a.m. ET. The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev. 
Definition of "Done" for the v.1 of the Spec

**Definition of "Done" - what does v1.0 look like**

Armand reviewed some initial thoughts about what would be required to have a ready, version 1.0 of the specification: 

Need 1: Specification Document

* Requirement: version management system for the specification. 
* Suggestion: Follow Symantic versioning / Semver standard (semver.org).
  * Note: Spec version and reference implementation versioning may diverge; group will want to consider the implications for this difference

Need 2: Reference Implementation

* Requirement: Reference implementation will need to comply with the spec and to be useful/usable for those implementing the spec.
* Question: what form does the reference implementation take (application, image, blueprint, script)?
  * Do we want to provide this as a service? If so, we will need to provide the hosting infrastructure.
  * How will people get and run this? Consider the difference between apps and the orchestration testing needs.

Need 3: Test and Compliance Suite

* Requirement: Spec adopters have tooling that verify product(s) are compliant with the spec; this is available for key personas for v1 of the spec.
* Note: Focus groups should think through how the features they are building will be tested.

Need 4: Developer Documentation / Enablement

* Requirement: Documentation or resources exist to answer questions like "how to utilize" the spec, tests, etc.
* Note: Consider ways to balance the terseness of the spec with supportive, more verbose documentation. Documentation and supporting materials should help make adopters of the spec a first class citizen. Whether documentation makes more sense as an inline note / non-normative spec material may depend on how test suite and spec develop.

Need 5: Published Timeline

* Requirement: There is a technical roadmap for features that will be included in v1 (and those tabled for future revisions).

**New Margo Project Boards**

Armand noted that the spec repo renders locally, and that he and Christian would be working on some github actions to properly render the mkdocs site at https://specfications.margo.org. 

Armand then shared that he has created project boards and project template to manage topics and issues for the focus groups and technical working group syncs. Focus group leads have been made admins of the Project Board, and are tasked with reviewing the items in their board's Roadmap/ToDo columns. Armand described the general plan for putting the Project Boards to use, noting that: 

* Ideas, Major Questions, or Topics should be added to the Project Board as Drafts.
* After discussion / rough consensus / direction set on a given Draft, then:
  * Issues are created that break down the tasks or sub-problems to solve; issue is added to a Milestone  

**Elevating the spec to another standards organization**

Armand asked the group to consider whether the group would anticipate wanting to be able to advance their work to an international standards body, such as ISO, which may influence certain decisions. For example, if the group wants to advance its spec to ISO, there are specific formatting requirements the group may want to adopt to facilitate this down the road. There was not a strong sense that this was important at this time. 

Armand also noted that it would be important to do outreach to other related projects / organizations, and asked the group to consider which open source projects or organizations felt would be most valuable to connect with.

**AOB**

Erik asked for clarification about how do we add additional participants from an organization to Margo workspaces. Members are asked to email operations@margo.org for onboarding new participants. 

The suggestion was made to add focus group summaries to the Weekly Sync call agenda. Armand or Jory will update the issue template to include this item. 

There was no other business and the meeting adjourned at 10:55 a.m. ET.
