## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 03 Oct 2024

### Attendees:
* Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Daniel Lazaro (AVEVA)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Joshua Abbott (ABB)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd)
* Reinhard Achatz (BR)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Tim Mirth (Red Hat, Inc.)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
  
### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). 

#### Summary Key discussion
The team discussed improvements to their meeting procedures, including tracking attendance and decisions via GitHub issues to ensure a quorum. Sean Mcilroy introduced a new mechanism for merging PRs during meetings if no objections are raised within seven days. The team also emphasized the importance of documenting technical terminologies consistently across all publications. Liam proposed a presentation on Kubernetes operators and CRDs for the next meeting. Additionally, the team reviewed ongoing issues, such as the GET vs REST debate for deployment specifications, and discussed the need for a glossary of terms. Merrill offered to assist with the observability PR review.

#### Key discussion points included:

**Initial Updates**
Armand mentioned the upcoming Automation Fair in November and his rush to prepare his demonstration. He is focusing on Margo and app deployment via orchestrators to Rockwell devices.
Sean discussed improvements to procedures and decision trackers. This includes using GitHub issues to track meeting attendance and determine the quorum for decision-making. Sean also explained the new process for reviewing PRs, which includes a seven-day review period. Additionally, the chair has the ability to merge PRs if there are no objections.

**Improving Meeting Procedures and Documentation**
Sean has introduced a new requirement for meeting participants to indicate that they have "attended" on the GitHub issue. This is to keep track of attendance and ensure that we have enough people present.
Armand and Sean discussed the importance of documenting specific requirements for each focus group and assigning them numbers for verification.
Sean also proposed the idea of creating a document to provide guidance for onboarding and collaboration within GitHub. This document would include a potential glossary of terminologies.
When Erik inquired about planning and ensuring progress on PRs, Sean confirmed that they would be included in the agenda and that notifications would be sent out.

**Engagement and Task Assignment**
Armand encourages active participation in ongoing discussions, especially regarding orchestration and agent tasks. Snehal and Armand stress the significance of logging into the technical working group repository and adding names to the roll call for transparency. Sean emphasizes the importance of tracking individuals involved in decisions to enhance transparency in the decision-making process. Armand also brings up the ongoing discussion on issue 22 regarding the deployment specification and the need to choose between GET and REST.

**Technical Lexicon and Synchronization**
Armand discussed the focus group about the technical lexicon, which was led by Stephen. He mentioned the need to merge the lexicon into the markdown. Armand also talked about a similar effort in Schneider and suggested synchronizing with their lexicon meeting. He agreed to add Speaker 5 to the lexicon meeting and mentioned the next call for the focus group.

**Code First and Resource Assignment**
Armand mentioned scheduling a meeting with Josh and Kelly Swit from Red Hat to discuss expediting the code-first part of Margo and resource allocation. He also invited others to join the focus group and mentioned the need to handle testing and verification, as well as the official reference implementation. Liam emphasized the importance of Kubernetes operators and CRDs and plans to give an overview to align the team. Armand agreed to allocate a time slot for Liam's presentation and discussed the alignment with root or non-root containers and access management.

**PR Review and Observability**
Phil mentioned the need for reviewing a PR that has been out for a week and a half without feedback.
Armand agreed to review the PR and added Marilyn as a reviewer, noting the team's experience with hotel work on Docker.
Phil emphasized the importance of keeping the review focused on the changes and creating issues for additional changes.
Armand and Marilyn discussed the larger piece of the hotel spec and the need for more team reviews.

**Final Topics and Next Steps**
Armand asked if there were any other topics to discuss before ending the current call.
He thanked everyone and mentioned the next call, then gave back some time.
The meeting concluded with a focus on continuing discussions and progressing on ongoing tasks.

#### Open Items
- [ ] @Sean Mcilroy - Add "attended" to the corresponding GitHub issue during meetings to track quorum.
- [ ] @Sean Mcilroy - Circulate the new process documentation around meeting attendance and decision-making.
- [ ] Prepare a presentation on Kubernetes operators and CRDs for the next meeting.
- [ ] Review PR for observability changes and provide feedback.
