## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 23 May 2024

### Attendees:
* Dr. Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Arne Bröring (Siemens)
* Charlie Lagervik (Microsoft)
* Christian Storm (Siemens)
* Daniel Lazaro (Aveva)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Haishi Bai (Microsoft)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini)
* Jannis Achstetter (Schneider Electric)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Mark Yarvis (Intel)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Robert Chavez (Intel)

### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev. Key discussion points included:

* Focus Group Status Updates and Project Boards:
   - Current Setup: Armand Craig discussed the use of Margo project templates and the structure for focus groups to launch new projects.
   - Repository Utilization: Goal is to utilize templates for repos and other common patterns across focus groups for consistency.

* Specification Repositories:
   - Work Item Handling: Discussed processes for handling work items, translating issues into pull requests, and potential improvements to streamline the process. Briefly discussed types of repositories needed (e.g. for tooling and blueprints) and whether to make those public and at what point.

* Contribution and Collaboration:
   - Blueprints Repository: Haishi Bai presented recent contributions he made to the blueprints repository, emphasizing the scenario-based approach to the contributions and testable implementations.
   - Private vs Public Repositories: Debate on the transparency and accessibility of private vs public repositories. Consensus on the importance of keeping contributions within the Margo organization for better visibility and collaboration.

* Definitions and Classifications:
   - Discussion ensued about the intended differences between Blueprints vs Reference Implementation: 
     - Blueprints: Scenario-based, use-case driven, showing how to implement parts of the specification.
     - Reference Implementations: Official, compliant implementations that must pass conformance tests.
     - Skunk Work: Temporary term used to describe ongoing, experimental work within focus groups, to be formalized and better integrated.

* General Organization and Strategy:
   - Creating Guidelines: Agreement to develop guidelines for creating and managing new repositories, defining clear naming conventions, and ensuring consistent organization.
   - Collaboration Tools: Discussion on creating tools and processes to facilitate easier collaboration and tracking of contributions within the organization.

**Open Items:**

   - Armand Craig and Jory Burson will to meet and draft guidelines and strategies for managing repositories, naming conventions, and organizing contributions within the Margo organization.
   - Develop Clear Definitions:** Create clear definitions for blueprints, reference implementations, and skunk work to ensure consistent understanding and implementation.
   - Focus Group Leads are asked to start utilizing the blueprint repository for their scenario-based work and explore integrating relevant contributions from private accounts.
   - Members are encouraged to create new private repositories based on identified needs within the Margo organization to facilitate skunk work and future public releases.
   - Members are asked to assist with identifying tasks (and persons to lead those tasks) toward the development of the official reference implementation.
