## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 9 May 2024

### Attendees:
* Jory Burson - The Linux Foundation
* Michael Sanchez - Schneider Electric
* Segev Ben Hayon - Schneider Electric
* Philip Presson - ABB
* Russel Callen - Intel Corporation
* Rob Chavez - Intel Corporation
* Merrill Harriman - Schneider Electric
* Charlie Lagervik - Microsoft Corporation
* Mark Yarvis - Intel Corporation
* Armand Craig - Rockwell Automation
* Julien Duquesnay - Schneider Electric
* Deepak Gunjal - Capgemini
* Himanshu Singh - Capgemini
* Darrin Pelletier - Rockwell Automation

### Minutes

The meeting was called to order at 10:07 a.m. ET. Armand chaired and Jory took the minutes. The meeting was recorded and the recording will be available to participants via the individual dashboard at openprofile.dev.

Armand gave a brief welcome and overview of the project, and the group took turns introducing themselves. Armand noted that we would be creating a repository for agendas and minutes.

Armand provided background context for why the founding organizations got together to launch Margo. Armand also highlighted the Margo website, GitHub, and Discord.

Jory provided a brief overview of EasyCLA, and how contributions will be made into the /specification repository. 

Armand provided an overview of the /specifications repository, and highlighted the “pre-draft” status of the deliverable. He noted that the specification “approximately 35%” done, and that recommendations and feedback are welcomed. 

Armand reviewed the system design and explained the personas that are being initially targeted: Application developers and Orchestration Management Platform Providers. Armand walked through the planned areas of interoperability, and potential areas of future work, such as observability. Armand noted that policy agent, device reg. Agent, and device reg. Repository.

Armand shared a private GitHub Project Board that he is working on to help organize work areas for contributors, and provide a light roadmap. It was clarified that the goal for Margo was to be more of a reference architecture that brings other open source and standards projects into the fold for industrial automation, rather than to replace or re-write existing specifications. It was also emphasized that existing decisions or assumptions as documented in the pre-draft are open for challenge/revisitation. 

Armand then displayed the /blueprints repository, which will be the home for reference implementations that allow users to get a feel for how Margo works, and give people an example they can spin up. It is currently set to private but will be published soon.

Armand reviewed the different meetings that the Technical WG has established, noting that these meetings were brought forward from the Project Ox collaboration. Armand recommended participants join the focus group meetings as the best opportunity to get involved in the technical work. 

There was a question about the display of some of the figures, and Armand noted that he will  work with Jory to publish the specification via GitHub pages for easier viewing. 

Jory noted some email addresses that the group should be aware of, and suggested that participants make sure they are not caught in email filters: 
* technical-wg@lists.margo.org
* noreply@lists.margo.org
* noreply@lfx.linuxfoundation.org
* noreply@groups.linuxfoundation.org
* noreply@groups.linuxfoundation.org
* *meetings@lfx.dev

There was no other business and the meeting was adjourned at 10:56 a.m. ET.

