## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 29 August 2024

### Attendees:
[See Agenda comments for the attendees list](https://github.com/margo/technical-wg/issues/164)
  
### Minutes

#### Meeting notes in Summary

Armand discussed the challenges of preparing for Automation Fair, highlighting the need to manage limited resources and meet deadlines. The team emphasized the importance of defining a clear scope for Margo's version 1.0 to streamline decision-making and avoid expanding the project's scope indefinitely. They suggested focusing on hands-on workshops to drive feedback and improve the project. The team agreed to prioritize issues and define a roadmap, aiming to release a draft by January 1. They also discussed the need for a shared environment for testing and the importance of involving technical representatives from Rockwell to provide feedback on device management and orchestration.

#### Meeting Minutes

**Preparation Challenges and Resource Allocation** -
Armand discusses the chaos and challenges of preparing for Automation Fair, comparing it to herding cats within Rockwell.
Armand mentions the difficulty in getting Rockwell hardware ready in time for the show, with a deadline next Wednesday.
Sean Mcilroy acknowledges the premium on resources and the scramble from all sides.
Armand reflects on the stress and self-reflection that comes with representing the open-source community.

**Meeting Agenda and Attendance Tracking** -
Armand outlines the loose agenda for the meeting, emphasizing the need for future preparation.
Sean Mcilroy suggests adding "attended" to the issue to track meeting attendance and ensure quorum for decisions.
Armand and Sean discuss the importance of transparency and tracking attendance for decision-making purposes.
Sean offers to provide GitHub access to those who need it to facilitate attendance tracking.

**Discussion on Workload Orchestration and Agent Management** -
Armand raises the issue of slow progress and the need for more technical deep dive sessions.
Liam suggests hands-on workshops to drive activity and feedback, emphasizing the importance of trying things out.
Armand and Sean discuss defining a minimum base layer for version 1.0 to get public feedback.
Armand proposes narrowing the scope of release 1.0 to focus on key tasks and milestones.

**Prioritizing Issues and Defining Scope** -
Armand and Sean discuss prioritizing issues and defining the scope for release 1.0
Armand suggests a session to discuss the scope with technical and steering committee members.
Phil emphasizes limiting focus to specific topics to avoid expanding the meeting agenda.
Armand agrees to work with Bart and Sean to define the scope and prioritize issues for release 1.0

> How to best engage the technical community and incorporate their feedback to define the scope and prioritize features for the initial release:
> 1. Hold a dedicated scope discussion session: As suggested, Armand should work with Bart to create an issue or meeting to specifically discuss the scope for the initial release. This will allow the technical community to provide input and feedback on what should be included.
> 2. Leverage existing focus groups: The meeting transcript mentions focus groups like the "App Package Definition" group led by RNA. Utilize these existing forums to get feedback on specific features and prioritization.
> 3. Encourage hands-on workshops: The team discussed the value of hosting workshops where the community can try out the current capabilities. This will generate valuable user feedback to shape the initial release.
> 4. Establish clear communication channels: Ensure there are well-defined ways for the technical community to provide input, whether through GitHub issues, dedicated Slack channels, or other mechanisms. Make the process for submitting feedback transparent.
> 5. Regularly review and reprioritize: Schedule periodic reviews of the scope and prioritization, incorporating the latest community feedback. Be willing to adjust the initial release plan as needed.
> The key is to actively engage the technical community, create opportunities for hands-on feedback, and maintain an iterative, transparent process for defining the scope and priorities for the initial release.

**Feedback and Community Involvement** -
Armand discusses the need to build a list of technical representatives within Rockwell to provide feedback.
Armand emphasizes the importance of understanding how developers build apps and manage devices.
Christian raises the issue of balancing scope and future requirements, highlighting the trade-offs involved.
Armand acknowledges the need to define explicit scope and prioritize features for the first release.

**Action Items and Next Steps**
Armand outlines action items, including working with Bart and Sean to define the scope and prioritize issues.
Armand suggests creating an issue for a technical scope discussion involving the steering committee.
Armand proposes reintroducing additional time slots for technical discussions and workshops.
The team agrees to focus on defining the scope and prioritizing issues to streamline decision-making and progress.

Action Items
- [ ] Armand to work with Bart to propose a scope discussion for the technical community and pair it with input from the steering committee on their priorities.
- [ ] Armand to create additional time slots for more focused technical discussions and sessions, potentially with pre-defined topics to drive progress.
