## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 22 August 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Christian Storm (Siemens)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Liam Randall (Cosmonic)
* Mark Yarvis (Intel Corporation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Robert Chavez (Intel)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
* Stephen Berard (Atym)
* Tim Mirth (Red Hat, Inc.)
  
### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). Key discussion points included:

* Workload Orchestration Agent Interface
   - Discussion on the workload orchestration agent interface from the Tuesday meeting.
   - Emphasis on ensuring the relevant approvers are included.
   - Armand Craig has tagged the group for decision-making on issues related to the workload management interface.
   - A deadline needs to be set for providing feedback on the key decision proposals.

* Approvers List and Delegation
   - Question raised about delegating authority if the primary approver is unavailable.
   - Jory confirmed that delegation can be arranged and that future improvements can include assigning responsibilities based on file/directory (via CODEOWNERS.md).

* Progress Updates on Key Focus Areas
   - Armand shared updates on various focus groups:
     - **Workload Orchestration Agent**: 75% complete; proposals awaiting approval.
     - **Application Package Definition**: 80% complete; main discussions remaining around secure access and flexibility.
     - **Workload-Related Device Requirements**: Largely complete; remaining tasks involve creating a test and compliance suite.
     - **Observability Requirements**: In progress, with Amir and Philip working on finalizing the specification.

* Documentation and Feedback Process
   - Discussion on centralizing information for contributors.
   - Julien suggested renaming sections to make it clear which parts apply to device-level vs. application-level observability.
   - Agreement to refine and clarify the documentation in future pull requests.

* Use of Discord for Communication
   - Proposal to consolidate discussions and project status updates in Discord.
   - Discord will be the primary platform for centralized information sharing and updates on focus groups.

* Strategic Updates and Upcoming Meetings**
   - Joint steerco and technical meeting scheduled after this session.
   - Christian requested updates from the strategic team.

* Github as the Primary Tool**
   - Emphasis on using Github for tracking issues, pull requests, and decisions.
   - Integration of Github notifications into Microsoft Teams was recommended for better tracking.

**Open Items**
   - Armand to create an overview status post in Discord for tracking progress on focus groups.
   - Continue gathering feedback and aim to finalize decisions by September.
   - Jory to confirm vendor participation and ensure correct invites are sent.
   - Review and provide feedback on the decision tracker issues related to the workload orchestration agent.
   