## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 20 June 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Christian Storm (Siemens)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini)
* Jannis Achstetter (Schneider Electric)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Mark Yarvis (Intel)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Robert Chavez (Intel)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
  
### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). Key discussion points included:

* Workload Orchestration Agent:
   - Discussion on the deployment specification and device capabilities file.
   - Progress update on refining and creating pull requests (PRs) for these specifications.
* Observability Group:
   - Progress update on defining requirements and working through prototypes.
   - Discussion on the recent PR approval and merging process.
   - Plan to expand observability to include hardware content.
* Application Package Definition:
   - PR merged to incorporate comments from various members.
   - Cross-pollination between application package definition, device capabilities file, and deployment specification.
* Device Requirements Focus Group:
   - Focus on defining roles and requirements for devices.
   - Upcoming bi-weekly or weekly sessions to scope out device orchestration.
* Special Guest from Schneider:
   - Announcement of a special guest to discuss Redfish hardware monitoring.
   - Session scheduled for the second session on Wednesday.
* New Meeting Times:
   - Adjusted times for focus groups to accommodate Intel and Microsoft participants on the West Coast.
* Google Drive Location for Steering Committee:
   - Discussion on accessing and reviewing content on the Google Drive.
   - Plan to create a public folder for accessible content and maintain a clear distinction between public and restricted content.

**Open Items**
   - Armand to refine the deployment specification and device capabilities file based on comments and create PRs.
   - Philip and team to continue validating the specification through prototypes and move towards creating a blueprint for observability.
   - Armand to coordinate with Bart and Jory to set up bi-weekly or weekly sessions for scoping out device orchestration.
   - Ensure clear scoping and spawn additional focus groups as needed.
   - Prepare for the special guest from Schneider to discuss Redfish hardware monitoring in the second session on Wednesday.
   - Bart and Jory to restructure the Google Drive to create a clear distinction between public and restricted content.
   - Christian to review and provide feedback on the process for making files publicly accessible without requiring a Google account.
   - Discuss and finalize the terminology and distinctions between blueprints and reference implementations in the next technical call.
   - Armand to update the contributions markdown and the onboarding playbook with the final definitions and guidelines. 
