## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 11 July 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Jannis Achstetter (Schneider Electric)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Robert Chavez (Intel)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
  
### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). Key discussion points included:

* Meeting Agenda and Progress Updates:
   - Armand Craig outlined a light agenda for the meeting and mentioned the progress in individual focus groups.
   - Emphasis on reviewing and adding to the agenda if needed to avoid a short meeting.
   - Mention of an upcoming joint meeting with an uncertain agenda due to Bart's absence.
* Pull Requests and Code Reviews:
   - Discussion on Philip Presson's pull request related to observability work, focusing on summary charts for metrics and logs.
   - Armand Craig's pull request issue due to the Maintainers' spec requirement for a code owner review. The group debated on whether to remove this requirement or add more code owners.
   - Decision to remove the Maintainers' spec at the draft stage to prevent unnecessary delays.
* Prototype Repository:
   - Introduction of an end-to-end prototype repository to house prototypes that span multiple working groups.
   - Discussion on how to organize multiple prototypes within the repository, including the use of branches or folders.
* Telemetry and Deployment Models:
   - Philip Presson provided updates on the hotel telemetry research prototype, covering different deployment models and validating default telemetry emissions.
   - The need for further work on application-side validation and injecting connection information.
* Environment Variables:
   - Discussion on the importance of environment variables provided by the device manufacturer, especially related to hotel.
   - Armand Craig noted this as a topic to be added to the device management discussions.
* Device Management Interface:
   - Proposal to describe the device and workload orchestration functionalities as a unified Margo management interface.
   - Each device would have defined support levels for this interface, with communication patterns via GitOps and API.
* Document Collaboration:
    - Encouragement for team members to edit and comment on the device management document before the next meeting.
    - Acknowledgment of ongoing edits and the document's progress.
* Access to Documents:
    - Robert Chavez requested access to the Google Docs folder, with the process explained and pending approval from Bart or Jory.
* API Development Progress:
    - Armand Craig mentioned progress on API development but noted that there was nothing substantial to share yet, expecting more by Tuesday.

**Open Items**
   - Review Philip Presson's pull request on observability metrics and logs.
   - Remove the Maintainers' spec requirement to unblock Armand Craig's pull request.
   - Decide on the organization method for the prototype repository, considering the use of branches or folders.
   - Continue validating telemetry emissions and work on application-side validation for injecting connection information.
   - Discuss the need for environment variables related to hotel in the device management group.
   - Team members to review, edit, and comment on the device management document before the next meeting.
   - Armand Craig to provide an update on API development progress by Tuesday.
   - Ensure Robert Chavez gets access to the relevant Google Docs folder.
