## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 12 Dec 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* James Teal (Rockwell Automation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
* Paul Brooks (Rockwell Automation)
* Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
* Tim Mirth (Red Hat, Inc.)
* Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* himanshu singh (Capgemini)
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
  
### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). 


### Summary Meeting Notes

The meeting covered the progress of two working groups: the ad hoc workload orchestration agent (WOA) and the Margo management interface. Phil presented three REST API proposals as alternatives to open GET ops. The team discussed the ingestion of Helm charts, debating whether the orchestration service or edge devices should handle it. Updates on the 2025 Margo kickoff and hackathon were discussed, with a call for participants to indicate their attendance. Next week's meetings were outlined, including final reviews for the year. PRs for the specification repo were reviewed, with three ready for merge and one pending legal approval.

### Meeting Minutes
**Proposals for improving REST API for edge computing.** -
Group proposals for Margo management interface, including an alternative to open git apps.
The working group discusses and provides feedback on proposals, with plans to share tweaked proposals soon.

**Helm chart ingestion and orchestration service.**
Group discusses potential changes to the orchestration service, including the possibility of using a REST API instead of open GETs.
Discussion revolves around who should be responsible for ingesting the Helm chart and where the process should occur.

**Margo standard updates, hackathon planning, and meeting schedules.**
Josh clarifies his proposal and adds visualisations to clarify roles and responsibilities.
Armand seeks feedback on proposals and plans to attend the Margo kickoff and hackathon.
The group discusses upcoming meetings for the week, including an umbrella meeting for the workstream on Tuesday and a final technical weekly sync for the year on Thursday.
Phil requests a volunteer to run the technical sync meeting on Thursday, as he will be on PTO next week.

**Finalizing PRs for release one, including device onboarding mechanism.**
Group discusses PRs in the specification repo, including Josh's proposal for updating the Personas page.
Armand wants to finalise discussions and close issues before the full release to avoid stale discussions.
Armand plans to create a hierarchy of issues to prioritise and check off before release one.

### Action Items
- [ ] Review the proposals for the Margo Management Interface and provide feedback.
- [ ] Reach out to Sean to ensure you have the meeting invites next week.
- [ ] Review the new issue on the device onboarding mechanism and provide feedback.
- [ ] Update the definitions and terms in the lexicon and provide visualizations to clarify the roles and responsibilities.
- [ ] Prepare and share a proposal for tweaks to the REST API-based approach.
