## Margo Weekly Technical Sync - 8 August 2024

### Attendees:
* Adam Qiu (Emerson)
* Andreas Ziller (Siemens)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini)
* Jan Hille (Welotec)
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Mark Riddoch (Dianomic)
* Mark Yarvis (Intel Corporation)
* Max Lülff (Welotec)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
  
### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). Key discussion points included:

* Introductions of New Members:
   - Jan Hille and Max Lülff from Welotec, and Dave Denison and Adam Qui from Emerson introduced themselves. 
   - The technical community has created a new member welcome thread in the Github discussions feature. This thread allows new members to introduce themselves and provides their Github handles to be added to the team.

* Device Management Meeting Strategy:
   - The device management meeting that was previously held every Monday has been discontinued.
   - A new strategy involves having open discussions on device management and orchestration topics within a Discord discussion.
   - There was a proposal to bring over topics from a Google document to posts in Discord to break down and discuss them further.

* Focus Groups for Device Orchestration:
   - Proposed focus groups include:
     - Workload Interface Management
     - Device Management Interface, including device onboarding
     - Device Observability
     - Device Update Mechanisms

* Transition to Discord for Discussions:
   - The transition to Discord aims to lower the technology barrier for participation from all working groups, including marketing and the steering committee.
   - The goal is to have focused discussions and potentially spin out new focus groups from these discussions.

**Open Items:**

   - Armand will send an email prompting the technical working community to introduce themselves on the new member welcome thread in Github discussions (see https://github.com/margo/technical-wg/discussions/106)
   - Armand has an action item to summarize discussions and create posts per proposed focus group in Discord.
    - Members are encouraged to join the Discord server (https://chat.margo.org) and use an identifiable account name.
   - The community is seeking volunteers to lead additional focus groups for device orchestration topics. Members are encouraged to reach out to Armand if interested.
   - New members will be added to the invite list for the next joint meeting in 14 days. Companies should nominate a representative for the technical working group.

