**Armond opens the meeting at 15:00**

**Attendees**
- Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
- Robert Chavez (Intel Corporation)
- Tim Mirth (Red Hat, Inc.)
- Leste Villecroze (Schneider Electric)
- Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
- Andrii Melashchenko
- Stephen Berard (Atym)
- Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
- Michael Adler (Siemens AG)
- deepak gunjal - Capgemini
- Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
- Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd, Group Technology Management)
- Arne Br√∂ring (Siemens AG)
- Kanishka Shah (Xeeed IO)
- Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
- James Teal (Rockwell Automation)
- Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
- Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
- Silvano Cirujano Cuesta (Siemens AG)
- Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)
- Adam Qiu (Emerson)
- Bill Paczkowski - Emerson
- Karthik G - Xeeed.io
- Liam Randall (Cosmonic)

### Summary Meeting Notes
The meeting centered on the recent kickoff for Project Margot, emphasizing the creation of a new product management team tasked with defining precise requirements for the technical working group members. Key highlights included the necessity for a structured approach to receiving and assessing requirements, the development of a technical evaluation procedure, and setting up focus groups for aspects like device management and security. Notable accomplishments included the integration of prototypes for fleet management and Docker deployment. Additionally, the significance of thorough documentation, proper onboarding for contributors, and utilizing Discord for communication was underscored.

### Minutes

**Weekly Sync Introduction and Technical Issues:**
- Summary: Armand addressed a technical issue with the camera view and confirmed it was only his view. Sean reassured Armand that the view was only his issue.
- Next Steps: N/A
- Action Items: None

**Overview of the Boston 25 Kickoff Meeting:**
- Summary: Armand provided an overview of the 25 kickoff event, highlighting the need to clarify Margo's vision and direction due to the community's growth.
- Next Steps: The new product management group will establish clear requirements for the technical working group.
- Action Items: None

**Formation of the Product Management Group:**
- Summary: Armand explained the creation of the product management group to address confusion around Margo's direction and establish precise requirements for the technical working group.
- Next Steps: The product management group will onboard a product owner to work with the technical working group.
- Action Items: None

**Establishing a Technical Evaluation Process:**
- Summary: Armand discussed the need for a clear technical evaluation process and reporting to ensure accountability and drive problem statements to completion.
- Next Steps: Armand and Phil will present a proposed technical evaluation process and reporting structure.
- Action Items: Armand and Phil will document the technical evaluation process and reporting structure.

**Focus Groups and Device Management:**
- Summary: Armand provided an overview of the current focus groups and the need for a focus group on device management. Erik raised concerns about the scope of device management.
- Next Steps: Discussions on device management will continue in the GitHub issues, and questions will be presented to the product management team.
- Action Items: Community members interested in leading a device management focus group to contact Armand.

**Prototyping and Integration Achievements:**
- Summary: Armand highlighted Phil and Segev's successful integration of prototypes, and Phil explained the creation of a Docker channel in Discord for prototyping discussions.
- Next Steps: N/A
- Action Items: Community members interested in prototyping to join the Docker channel in Discord.

**Security Focus Group and Contributor Onboarding:**
- Summary: Armand mentioned forming a security focus group and improving the onboarding process for new contributors.
- Next Steps: Identify a working group lead for the security focus group.
- Action Items: Armand to work on creating a quick start guide for new contributors based on personas.

**Updates on Focus Group Meetings:**
- Summary: Armand provided updates on the workload fleet manager and app package definition focus group meetings, including discussing device capabilities and integrating WASM.
- Next Steps: N/A
- Action Items: None

**Closing Remarks and Next Steps:**
- Summary: Armand reiterated the importance of the product management group and the need for feedback and collaboration.
- Next Steps: Expect feedback from the product management meeting in the coming days.
- Action Items: None

### Action Items
- [ ] Establish a clear process for the technical working group to receive and provide feedback on requirements from the product management group.
- [ ] Document a technical evaluation process and reporting structure to track better and manage problem statements and proposed solutions.
- [ ] Identify volunteers from the community to "own" specific problem statements and see them through to resolution.
- [ ] Collaborate within the existing GitHub issues related to device management, onboarding, and observability to help define the scope and priorities in these areas.
- [ ] Add information about the licensing and IP policies for code contributions to the README files of the Margot GitHub repositories.
- [ ] Establish a new security-focused working group and identify a lead for that group.
