### Attended
- deepak gunjal (Capgemini)
- Stephen Berard (Atym)
- Andrii Melashchenko
- Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
- Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
- Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
- James Teal (Rockwell Automation)
- Haishi Bai (Microsoft Corporation)
- Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
- Michael Adler (Siemens AG)
- Robert Chavez (Intel Corporation)
- Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
- Silvano Cirujano Cuesta (Siemens AG)
- Carl Moberg (Avassa)
- Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd, Group Technology Management)
- Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
- Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)
- Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)

### Summary Meeting Notes
Armand led a meeting discussing updates and action items. Key points included the ongoing development of requirements by the PMG and the need to document the tech value evaluation process. Volunteers are sought to own and resolve specific issues, particularly in device management. The team is working on defining device capabilities and integrating them with workload requirements. A significant Pull Request improved the specification documentation, and a new initiative led by Microsoft aims to accelerate specification development. Deepak raised concerns about using device capabilities for orchestration, emphasizing the need for static and dynamic resource management. The meeting concluded with no further topics raised.

### Minutes

**Updates and Proposals** -
Armand opens the meeting by highlighting several updates and proposals for discussion. The Product Management Group (PMG) is currently outlining development requirements, which are still in progress. He emphasizes the importance of documenting the tech value evaluation process and reporting structure to maintain a record of past decisions. A new template, the problem statement, is also introduced to aid in tracking proposals, prototypes, and decisions.

**Volunteer Engagement and Issue Tracking** -
Armand highlights the necessity for volunteers to take charge of specific topics to foster progress between meetings. He mentions open GitHub issues concerning device management and invites volunteers to resolve them. Armand underscores the significance of working together with the PMG on the device management scope. He discusses particular GitHub issues, including proposals for licensing and intellectual property policies for CO contributors.

**Workload Orchestration and Device Capabilities** -
Armand provides an update regarding the workload orchestration call group, focusing on a problem statement related to device capabilities. Currently, proposals for outlining these capabilities are under review, with a presentation scheduled for next week. He also recognizes the efforts of the RNA team and Sean's group in enhancing the specification documentation. Additionally, a noteworthy Pull Request (PR) was made to refine the organization of the specification repository.

**Microsoft-Led Initiative and Closing Remarks** -
Armand highlights a Microsoft initiative to speed up specification development, which is currently being finalized. Deepak inquires about leveraging device capabilities for effective workload orchestration and resource usage. Armand clarifies the process of integrating device capabilities with workload needs. The meeting wraps up with Armand welcoming further discussion topics and expressing gratitude to everyone for their participation.

### Action Items
- [ ] Follow up on the action item to document the tech value evaluation process and reporting structure.
- [ ] All - Reach out to Armand if interested in leading the security-focused working group.
- [ ] Present proposals on the GET alternatives for the workload orchestration interface next week.
- [ ] All - Review the recent pull request that restructured the application package definition in the specification repository.
- [ ] Finalize the presentation on accelerating the development of the specification, to be presented to the TWG.
