Aramand opens the meeting at 15:00 BST

### Attendees
Haishi Bai (Microsoft Corporation)
Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd, Group Technology Management)
Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
Jim Teal - RA
Leste Villecroze (Schneider Electric)
Sean McIlroy - Linux Foundation
Robert Chavez (Intel Corporation)
Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
Nilanjan Samajdar - Margo PO
Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
Arne Br√∂ring (Siemens AG)
Stephen Berard (Atym)
Bill Paczkowski Emerson
Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)
Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
deepak gunjal - Xeeed

### Summary Meeting Notes

The team considered using mermaid diagrams for flow representation and evaluated threat modelling tools like RE Agile. Nilanjan, the new product owner, highlighted the importance of clear guardrails and guidance from the PMG group. The meeting concluded with plans to refine workflow representations and align on technical and user requirements.

### Action Items
- [ ] Adapt the existing mermaid-based sequence diagrams in the product management repository to flesh out the workflows and capabilities for the full release.
- [ ] Schedule a follow-up discussion with the TWG to present the workflow representation and gather feedback.
- [ ] Provide a workflow or sequence diagram representation to the TWG to help provide more context around the requirements.

### Minutes

**Discussion on Device Capabilities and Fleet Management**
Armand initiated the meeting, outlining the agenda and focusing on device capabilities and fleet management. He discussed ongoing work on technology choices and API functions, awaiting a final option from Avasa. The week's main topic was the device capabilities needed for the fleet manager, emphasising the requirement for detailed information beyond basic capabilities. Armand also mentioned the finalisation of new vision slides by the steering committee representatives and the need for clarity on Margot's first full release.

**Challenges in Defining Device Capabilities**
Armand emphasised the need for a clear picture of the first full release to steer technical discussions. Arne suggested that the requirements should specify the extent of device capabilities and application needs. Meanwhile, Armand and Phil discussed the importance of detailed technical information to prevent the TWG from diverging paths without a clear vision. Christian proposed that the PMG group should provide workflows to guide these technical discussions.

**Need for Clear Workflows and Requirements**
Armand agreed that the PMG group needs to provide more detailed requirements and workflows. Phil emphasised understanding the workflows for deploying workloads to ensure the right focus. Armand also mentioned the need for feedback from the PMG group to clarify these requirements. He highlighted the importance of having a clear vision for the first full release to avoid building technical debt.

**Introduction of New Product Owner and Focus Groups**
Armand introduced Nilanjan as the new product owner for the reference implementation. Nilanjan highlighted the need for clear guardrails and guidance from the PMG group to define the scope and intent of pre-release one. Armand mentioned ongoing discussions in Discord and the new location for proposals in the Woah interfaces. He also provided an update on the app package definition and the security focus group, emphasising the importance of threat models and tooling.

**Discussion on Threat Modelling and Security Focus Group**
Armand discussed evaluating threat modelling tools, including RE Agile and Microsoft's threat modelling tool. He mentioned the creation of threat models and the need for a tool to assist with security aspects. Emphasising the importance of iterating, Armand stressed finding the best path for requirements and maintaining open communication. He urged the steering committee to define the first full release, providing clarity and confidence in technical decisions.

**Proposal for User Journey and Requirements Engineering**
Bart shared a proposal for a user journey to clarify requirements and provide context. Arne suggested abstracting technical components to focus more on the user journey. Bart highlighted the need to balance providing enough context without leading in specific directions. Armand and Nilanjan proposed using mermaid or sequence diagrams to illustrate the flow of information and interactions.

**Finalizing Workflow Representations**
Armand mentioned using mermaid in the technical working group and suggested presenting a general mermaid drawing for requirements. Bart agreed to work on iterations of the user journey representation and gather feedback from the TWG. Armand plans to raise this discussion in the next PMG group call. The meeting concluded with a call to action to finalise the workflow representations and provide detailed requirements.
