## Margo App Package Definition Working Group - 15 May 2024

### Attendees:
* Dr. Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens)
* Andreas Ziller (Siemens)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Arne Broring (Siemens) - Chair
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Jannis Achstetter (Schneider Electric)
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Sergev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)

### Minutes

Arne Broring called the meeting to order and welcomed participants to the first App Package Definition Working Group meeting. The group reviewed the specification repository and had a broad discussion that included: 

* Handling and development of the margo.yaml and its integration with deployment specifications, focusing on the orchestration of applications and the use of helm charts and docker compose. 
* Best practices for ensuring application compatibility across different environments, particularly addressing challenges in air-gapped or resource-constrained scenarios.
* Handling of Helm charts and Docker compose; e.g. whether to pull resource requirements and other configurations out of helm charts and docker compose into margo.yaml to facilitate easier orchestration by the workload orchestration software.
* Duplication of information and concerns about potential redundancy; namely the risk of having conflicting information between margo.yaml and the actual deployment files (helm or docker compose), which could mislead the orchestration process.
* Security and integrity of applications when translated or adapted by orchestration tools. The group discussed ensuring that applications deployed are untouched and as intended by developers, without unwanted modifications by orchestration layers.
* Resource matching application requirements with device capabilities before deployment, suggesting a need for a more intelligent orchestration layer that could preemptively determine resource compatibility.
* Air-gapped and different registry scenarios, e.g. how to handle applications in environments with no internet access (air-gapped) or where different image registries are used, necessitating tweaks in helm charts for correct image paths and hashes.

The meeting ended with plans to break down these discussions into actionable items and continue refining the orchestration and deployment strategies in future sessions.
