## Margo App Package Definition Working Group - 11 September 2024

### Attendees:
* Adam Qiu (Emerson Automation Solutions)
* Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens AG)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Arne Bröring (Siemens)
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Liam Randall (Cosmonic)
* Philip Presson (ABB) - Chair
* Stephen Berard (Atym)
* Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)

### Minutes

The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings. The discussion topics included: 

* Project Status Overview:
   - Arne provided a summary of the current status of the project, focusing on items under progress and identifying other items to include in the "In Progress" category.

* Update on WASM Presentation:
   - Armand shared that volunteers from Atym and Cosmonic will present on Wasm during tomorrow’s technical sync. This presentation may lead to future items being added to the project view.

* Rendering Specification Updates:
   - Arne announced a small fix related to rendering specifications, allowing for use of higher levels in Markdown headings and restricting the table of contents to level 2 headings.

* Local Registries Pull Request:
   - Arne highlighted an open pull request regarding local registries, which has received comments from Phil. A final review is needed for it to be merged into the pre-draft. Armand volunteered to review the pull request.

* Security and Access Rights Mechanism for Registries:
   - Discussion on providing mechanisms in Margo to support different access cases for registries accessible online. The consensus was to remain flexible and support various cases without prescribing a specific solution.

* Application and Device Capability Descriptions:
   - The discussion centered on the format and structure for defining device capabilities and required resources for applications. There was consensus on the need to document these capabilities but with flexibility to accommodate different application frameworks like Kubernetes and Docker Compose.

* Feedback on Device Capability Specifications:
   - Tom raised concerns about the "roles" attribute, suggesting a clearer definition or removal. Discussion followed on the appropriateness of including "roles" and other similar attributes within the specification.

* Handling Modular Device Changes:
   - Julien emphasized the need for the ability to report changes in device capabilities, such as adding new modules or capabilities, which could affect the operational status and require updates to the Margo interface.

* Procedural Concerns on Merging the Pull Request:
   - There was agreement on the necessity of pushing the large pending pull request through, despite ongoing discussions on certain topics. The intent is to approve the structure and format while leaving room for content updates and improvements.

**Open Items**
   - Armand to review the pull request and provide feedback or approval.
   - Armand to present the device capability format for approval during the next meeting. If agreed, the pull request will be pushed through with notes indicating ongoing discussions.
   - Further discussion is needed on the relevance and definition of the "roles" attribute within device capability specifications.
   - Armand to update the pull request with notes marking sections as work-in-progress, providing clarity on the areas still under discussion.
   - All participants to review the proposed updates before the next meeting, and a decision to be made on merging the pull request with any necessary annotations.
