## Margo App Package Definition Working Group - 05 June 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Christian Storm (Siemens)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini)
* Jannis Achstetter (Schneider Electric)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB) - Chair

### Minutes

The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings. Additional notes from this meeting are provided in the issue comment, https://github.com/margo/technical-wg/issues/20#issuecomment-2150376554. The discussion topics included: 

* Process for Reviewing Pull Requests:
   - Discussion on how to manage and timebox the review of pull requests to avoid delays.
   - Agreement on the need for a structured process to ensure timely feedback and iteration.
   - Suggestion to set deadlines for reviews and approvals.

* Proposals for Specification Updates:
   - Philip presented updates and changes to the application definition and parameters.
   - Motivation for changes includes clarity in distinguishing user-provided values versus device/application-provided values.
   - Proposal includes using JSON schema for defining user inputs and device properties.

* Feedback and Iteration:
   - Importance of prompt feedback emphasized.
   - Discussion on potentially commenting/tagging the technical working group to notify about changes.
   - Acknowledgment of minimal comments on pull requests and issues, stressing the need for active participation.

* Validation of Parameters:
   - Discussion on the need for a validation process for user-provided values.
   - Proposal includes sections for user inputs and device/application properties to ensure proper validation and organization.

* Review of Additional Proposals:
   - Hashi's proposal for changes to the package definition was mentioned.
   - Noted that some of Hashi's suggestions have already been addressed in the other proposal.

**Open Items:**

   - Discuss and implement a timebox for reviewing pull requests to ensure timely feedback and iteration. (Discussion to continue in the next meeting).
   - Participants to review the issue and provide feedback on the proposed changes to the parameters section.
   - Review Hashi's proposal for package definition changes and identify which parts are relevant and need further discussion.
   - Plan to discuss the overall process for managing issues and pull requests in the larger meeting.
