## Margo App Package Definition Working Group - 7 August 2024

### Attendees:
* Adam Qiu (Emerson Automation Solutions)
* Andreas Ziller (Siemens AG)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Arne Bröring (Siemens)
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Mark Riddoch (Dianomic)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB) - Chair
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
* Zilong Zhao (ABB)

### Minutes

The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings. The discussion topics included: 

* Access to Private Registries:
   - Armand and Philip presented a sequence diagram on accessing private registries.
   - The relationship for app purchase and access is between the customer and the app vendor.
   - Post-purchase, the customer gains access to app package repositories or oci registries, and possibly a license key.
   - These details should be ingested into the workload orchestration software (Waz).
   - Key steps include pulling the Margo Yaml, publishing a deployment spec, and the edge deployment service using credentials to access necessary files.

* Local Deployment for Near Edge:
   - Andreas discussed the local deployment for near edge computing.
   - The integration of different connectors into the existing system was emphasized.
   - A new environment has been set up for initial deployment and subsequent integrations.

**Open Items**
   - Armand to improve the pull request to include credentials in the deployment spec.
   - Document the process and security recommendations, including signing and validation steps.
   - Andreas to develop and provide the necessary connectors.
   - Document all details related to the local deployment and integration process.