## Exposing application endpoint - 20 Nov 2024

### Attendees:
* Arne Br√∂ring (Siemens AG)
* Adam Qiu (Emerson)
* Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd, Group) - Chair
* Sean Mcilroy (LF)
* Adam Qiu (Emerson)

### Summary Meeting notes
The focus group discussed challenges defining APP packages, particularly around ingress controllers and Helm charts. Key issues include name collisions, port conflicts, and the need for a single source of truth for managing workloads. They emphasized the importance of understanding these problems before proposing solutions and suggested documenting them in a markdown format for community input. The group also considered the impact on other focus groups and the potential for hackathon activities to test solutions. They agreed on the need for clear communication and collaboration, especially with Red Hat and other stakeholders, to address these complex issues.

**Ingress Controller and Helm Chart Challenges** -
Phil discusses app vendors' challenges with ingress controllers and Helm charts, particularly when transitioning from AWS to K3s.
Armand shares his experience using a Helm chart built for AWS deployment and the issues encountered when translating it to K3s.
The conversation highlights the complexity of using different ingress controllers and the need for a holistic approach to endpoint exposure.
Phil emphasizes the focus of the breakout group on exposing endpoints and the broader issues related to it.

**Understanding and Documenting Problems** -
Phil aims to understand the problems related to exposing endpoints and capturing all potential issues.
The idea of converting problem descriptions to markdown and creating a proposal repository is discussed.
Armand supports the approach of documenting problems and inviting people to propose solutions.
The conversation touches on the potential impact on other focus groups and the importance of keeping proposals within specific repos.

**Proposal Process and Example Apps** -
Phil suggests creating a folder in the app package definition work group to document proposals.
Armand agrees and mentions the importance of having cohesive example sets from app definition to deployment spec.
The discussion includes addressing issues in the preview release and the potential for hackathon activities to test solutions.
Phil and Armand agree that it is important to understand the two main parts of the problem: application deployment and network discovery.

**Name Collisions and Docker Compose Issues** -
Phil adds more items to the list of problems, including name collisions and specific issues with Docker Compose.
The conversation explores the process for handling the desired state and the potential for conflicts with non-Margo ecosystems.
Armand raises the question of whether other apps from non-Margo ecosystems could be deployed on the same device.
The group discusses the assumption that apps would be deployed through the WAS and the potential issues if this is false.

**Single Source of Truth and Orchestration Tools** -
Armand emphasizes the need for a single source of truth for managing workloads and the challenges of multiple managers.
The conversation explores the implications of allowing applications to be loaded side by side and the need for telemetry to inform the orchestrator.
Phil and Armand discuss the potential for different orchestration tools to handle conflicts and the importance of defining precise requirements.
The group considers the impact of different orchestration tools on the overall solution and the need for a cohesive approach.

**Next Steps and Proposal Development** -
Phil suggests writing up proposals and creating a folder for documenting solutions.
Armand supports having proposals to review and discuss, even if they are initial and may need refinement.
The group discusses the importance of involving more people, especially those familiar with the WAS, in developing proposals.
The conversation highlights the need for a user-friendly solution and the potential for researching existing solutions from software vendors.

**Hackathon and Future Meetings** -
Armand suggests using the hackathon to test end-to-end scenarios and identify issues.
The group discusses the importance of having a clear plan for the hackathon and the potential for new tasks to emerge.
Phil and Armand agree that small group meetings to develop proposals and larger group meetings to review progress are necessary.
The conversation concludes with plans for the next meeting and the importance of documenting and sharing proposals.

### Action Items
- [ ] Phil to document the identified problems in a markdown file in the group's repository.
- [ ] Invite Liam and potentially other Wasm team members to provide input on the Wasm-related aspects of the problem.
- [ ] Discuss the documented problems and proposed solutions in the next meeting.
