**Arne opens the meeting at 15:00 GMT**

- [Attendees](https://projectadmin.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/project/lfqtyj42d9xsYTBnZC/collaboration/meetings?date=2025-01-08)

### Summary Meeting Notes
The team discussed the timeline for the pre-release, targeting April or May, with final details to be set at the 2025 kickoff in Boston. They decided to deprioritize the inclusion of required resources for applications in the pre-release, listing it as future work. The focus was on finalizing the app package definition specification, with a preference for using the Link ML tool for accuracy. They also discussed the integration of WASM and operators, deciding to exclude operators from the pre-release and focus on Helm and Docker Compose. Security considerations were deferred to future releases. The team planned to finalize reference implementations and prepare for the upcoming face-to-face workshop in Boston.

### Minutes
**Pre-Release Timeline and Scope**
Arne starts the meeting by confirming the timeline for the pre-release, aiming for April or May and finalizing plans at the 2025 kickoff in Boston. 
Armand concurs with the April-May schedule and states that the target will be solidified during the kickoff. 
Arne discusses the decision to deprioritize the specifics of necessary application resources, suggesting they be included in the pre-release appendix as future tasks. 
Armand and Arne then examine the scope of the preview release one, concentrating on application management and incorporating required resources.

**Application Management Scope and Required Resources**
Armand and Arne discuss the objectives of application management, such as allowing app vendors to define their workload through Margo.YAML. Armand emphasizes enabling devices to communicate their capabilities to the fleet manager. Arne remembers their earlier conversation about the flexibility to specify application requirements and their choice to defer this to future work. Armand proposes omitting required resources from the pre-release scope and concentrating on the current decisions.

**WASM and Operator Integration**
Armand and Arne discuss incorporating WASM and operators, emphasizing Helm charts and Docker Compose for the upcoming pre-release. Armand proposes dividing the WASM integration into three phases: the first phase will be part of the pre-release, while the second and third phases will be tackled later. Christian and Armand agree on adding operator integration to the roadmap because they understand that more talks and support are required. Armand highlights the significance of finalizing the specification and the necessity for reference implementations.

**Security and Non-Root Containers**
Schneider updates the group on ongoing investigations into non-root containers and security aspects, highlighting input from John Philip Facino and Dave Smith. Armand and Christian agree on the significance of security but decide to prioritize functional prototypes over a thorough security review before the release. The team agrees to categorize security-related issues as ongoing discussions instead of tying them to the pre-release. Meanwhile, Armand and Arne emphasize the need for a focus group dedicated to middleware and platform requirements, recognizing these subjects' complexity and long-term nature.

**Reference Implementations and Workshop Preparation**
Armand highlights the necessity of cohesive examples throughout the specification and the requirement for reference implementations. The group examines the extent of reference implementations, emphasizing examples involving Helm and Docker Compose. Sean McIlroy and Tom Counihan outline the focus areas for the upcoming workshop in Boston, such as the need for shared resources and the meetingâ€™s objectives. Armand specifies that the initial two days will be reserved for steering committee discussions, while the subsequent days will focus on technical working group activities and collaborative hackathon sessions.

**Finalizing Specification and Next Steps**
Arne raises a new concern regarding the app package definition specification for the pre-release. The group discusses moving from traditional applications to workloads, with Armand and Christian deciding to delve deeper into this topic during the upcoming technical sync meeting. Both Armand and Arne stress the necessity of clearly defining workloads and the critical task of completing the specification before the pre-release. The meeting wraps up with an agreement to go ahead with the talks in the next call and finalize the workshop details for Boston.

### Action Items
- [ ] Finalize the app package definition specification for the preview release.
- [ ] Create a new issue to track the finalization of the app package definition specification.
- [ ] Discuss the workshop's focus areas and resources at the Boston face-to-face meeting.
- [ ] Ensure virtual connectivity for those who cannot attend the face-to-face meeting in Boston.
