### Meeting attendees 
- Carl Moberg Avassa
- Arne Br√∂ring	Siemens AG
- Julien Duquesnay Schneider Electric
- Erik Nordmark ZEDEDA, Inc.
- Armand Craig Rockwell Automation
- Sean Mcilroy The Linux Foundation
- Michelangelo Russo Schneider Electric
- Stephen Berard Atym
- Kanishka Shah Xeeed IO
- Andrii Melashchenko	Belden Inc.
- Merrill Harriman Schneider Electric
- Karthik G	Xeeed IO
- Andreas Z	Siemens AG
- Mark Riddoch Dianomic
- Kristopher Clark	Individual
- deepak gunjal	Capgemini
- Adam Qiu Emerson Automation Solutions
- James Teal Rockwell Automation
- Tom Counihan Intel Corporation
- Philip Presson ABB

**Arnie opens the meeting at 15:00 GMT**

### Summary Meeting Notes
The meeting focused on the Margo project's progress and challenges. Key points included the need for precise requirements from a new product owners group, the impact of disagreements on interoperability, and the delay in the preview release 1, which is now uncertain due to lack of progress. Discussions highlighted the need for better prioritization and T-shirt sizing estimates. The team debated using Docker Compose versus Kubernetes for security and isolation, emphasizing the importance of clear problem statements and user stories. The need for a unified approach to signing and securing Docker Compose files was also discussed, with suggestions to involve a future cybersecurity focus group.

### Minutes
**Project Overview and Initial Discussions**
Arne opens the meeting by outlining the project overview. Arne stresses the importance of having precise requirements and notes how disagreements among technical working groups and steering committee members affect interoperability and vision. Erik points out the confusion and lack of clarity surrounding the progress of the technical working group, emphasizing the necessity for well-defined requirements.

**Release Date and Prioritization**
Armand states that the prior release date is no longer valid, and they are awaiting the product group to specify the release schedule. Arne and Armand talk about the present state of the pre-release and the necessity to finalize it while maintaining the current trajectory. Armand stresses the significance of prioritization and T-shirt sizing estimates to enhance the technical working group's management. Both agree that precise requirements and prioritization are essential to meet the release deadlines successfully.

**Reference Implementation and Discord Group**
Arne highlights the necessity of discussing the wasm integration, but since Liam isn't available, they proceed to the reference implementation. Phil introduces the new Discord group to coordinate prototypes and facilitate developer discussions. Armand underscores the significance of maintaining consistent examples within the reference implementation, specifically mentioning Docker and Kubernetes. He reiterates the need for clear, uniform examples to guarantee the app package is well-documented and functional.

**Discussion on Problem Statements and Ownership**
Arne and Armand emphasise the necessity of precise problem statements and user stories to address security and isolation challenges in multi-vendor environments. Armand highlights that volunteers should take ownership of these problem statements and ensure they are driven to completion. Speaker 4 clarifies that proposals ought to be submitted by the community, with the owner facilitating the process rather than generating the content. Both Arne and Armand agree on establishing a straightforward method for documenting and managing problem statements and proposals.

**Security and Isolation Concerns**
Andre worries about Docker Compose's security relative to Kubernetes, highlighting the necessity for explicit requirements and mechanisms. Merrill and Armand discuss the importance of specialized controls and systems to ensure security and isolation with Docker Compose. Julien and Stephen B. emphasize the significance of isolation and the need for distinct requirements and suggestions for Docker Compose. Carl from Avasa underscores the importance of not tying the specification to particular implementations such as Docker Compose and urges consideration of more open alternatives.

**Signing and Packaging of Docker Compose Files**
Armand and Merrill address the necessity of securely signing and packaging Docker Compose files, emphasizing the use of tarballs and OCI registries. Erik underscores the critical need to verify the integrity of these files and confirm they originate from trusted sources. Andre and Merrill discuss implementing mutual TLS certificates and secure methods to safeguard the integrity of Docker Compose files. Arne and Armand concur on dividing the issue into distinct tasks and assigning them to the relevant groups for further examination.

**Final Remarks and Next Steps**
Arne reviews the main points covered, emphasizing the importance of clarifying Docker Compose file signing and addressing security in multi-vendor settings. He intends to create distinct issues for each topic and delegate them to the relevant teams, including the upcoming security focus group. The meeting ends with an agreement to refine the specifications in the next session. Participants express their gratitude and confirm a follow-up meeting next week to continue the discussions.

### Action Items
- [ ] Determine which version of the Compose specification to use.
- [ ] Investigate how to sign the Docker Compose package/tarball.
- [ ] Document the problem statement and user story around security and isolation of multi-vendor applications on a single device.
