**Arne opens the meeting at 15:00 BST**

### Summary Meeting Notes
The team reviewed the Margo specification's terminology and naming conventions. They agreed to rename "application description" to "application definition" and "components" to "workload artefacts." The "application catalogue" will remain unchanged. A "component registry" will be established for Helm charts and compose archives, alongside a "container registry" for actual containers. After discussing the potential for a multi-level registry structure, the team opted for simplification to promote clear terminology, avoid confusion, and ensure consistency.

### Action Items
- [ ] Update the PR with the agreed terminology changes.
- [ ] Discuss the concept of "services" within the application package in a separate issue.

### Minutes

**Discussion on Terminology and Specification Updates**
Arne initiated the meeting by sharing his screen to discuss terminology issues in the specification. He referenced a pull request from Silvano aimed at clarifying terms but noted it diverged from the core focus. Phil raised a concern about the use of "get" for the application package repository, suggesting it might be irrelevant for the preview release. Armand agreed, stating that while manual uploads are not ideal, they are not inherently negative.

**Renaming and Defining Application Package Components**
Arne suggests renaming "application description" to "application definition" for clarity.
Discussion on whether to call components "workloads" or "workload artefacts" and whether to rename "compose package" to "compose archive."
Arne concludes that "application description" and "components" are preferred terms for now.
Arne notes the need to clarify naming for repositories or registries and discusses the final name for "compose archive."

**Application Registry and Workload Catalogue**
Hey team! Arne suggests renaming "application description" to "application definition" for clarity. There’s a lively discussion about whether to call components "workloads" or "workload artefacts," and whether to rename "compose package" to "compose archive." For now, Arne concludes that "application description" and "components" are the preferred terms. We also need to clarify the naming for repositories or registries and finalise the name for "compose archive."

**Component Registry and Container Registry**
Hey everyone! Arne proposes using the terms "component registry" or "component catalogue" for the repository that holds components like Helm charts and compose archives. There’s also a debate on whether to refer to the container repository as an "OCI registry" or simply a "container registry." Armand brings up a new issue from Josh at Red Hat about expanding Helm deployment profiles to support both OCI and Git repositories. Ultimately, the group agrees on calling it a "component registry" and a "container registry" to avoid specifying OCI compliance.

**Finalizing Terminology and Next Steps**
Hey team! Arne suggests we fix the terms in the specification and update the PR to reflect our agreed terminology. Armand recommends finalising the PR to ensure clarity in the specification. We also discussed the need for an entity relationship diagram (ERD) to clearly define the relationships between applications, workloads, and components. The group agreed to remove the bottom right registry from the diagram, recognising that container management is out of scope for Margo.

**Application Endpoints and Service Concepts**
Deepak raises the need to update Helm charts or Docker compose files when replicating containers locally. The group discusses establishing a secure workflow for managing application artefacts and containers in a local registry. Armand highlights the importance of addressing air-gapped deployments in the future, but the group agrees to focus on connected devices first and revisit air-gapped deployments later.

**Closing Remarks and Action Items**
Hey everyone! Arne summarises our key points: we need to finalise the terminology and update the PR. Armand stresses the importance of updating the specification to reflect our agreed terms. The group agrees to continue discussing application endpoints and services in future meetings. We’ll wrap up by planning to update both the PR and specification based on our agreed terminology!
