
**Arnie Opens the meeting at 15:00 GMT**

### Summary Meeting Notes
The meeting focused on refining the terminology and structure of the definition of the application package in Margo. Arne proposed changes to replace "Docker" with "Compose." Andre emphasized the need to clarify the relationship between repositories, applications, and workloads, suggesting a repository-centric approach similar to that of Linux package management. Deepak raised concerns about resource conflicts, particularly port conflicts, when deploying multiple independent applications on a single cluster. The team agreed to prepare PRs for terminology changes and explore solutions for resource management challenges. Andre will write a blog post comparing Margo's approach to existing package management systems.

### Action Items
- [ ] Prepare a PR to rename "components" to "workloads" in the application description.
- [ ] Write a blog post exploring the parallels between Margo's approach and Linux package management concepts.
- [ ] Continue discussing resource conflicts (e.g., port conflicts) when hosting multiple independent applications on a shared cluster.

### Meeting Minutes
**Kanban Board Review and Terminology Changes**
Arne starts by examining the Kanban board, concentrating on ongoing issues that involve altering the terminology from "Docker Compose" to "Compose." He outlines the modifications made in the branch, which include removing the term "Docker" and revising the specification to align with the new terminology. Arne emphasizes the requirement for additional modifications concerning the terms "workload" and "application," inviting the group to provide insights on accurately representing these terms in the specification. In response, Andre contributes to the conversation by mentioning the implementation of a workload service and agent and the necessity of importing an application into the workload orchestrator.

**Discussion on Application, Workload, and Repository Terminology**
Andre and Arne discuss how the terms "application," "workload," and "repository" relate to each other, with Andre questioning whether the current method is optimal. He elaborates on the common practice of managing applications through repositories, highlighting the difficulties of implementing new application versions. The debate centres on the independence of these terms, as the group suggests that repositories are merely a means to disseminate applications and workloads. Andre stresses the importance of having a secure repository linked to metadata for updates and upgrades, while Arne recognizes that the current specification fails to address this concern adequately.

**Application Lifecycle and Upgrade Challenges**
Erik and Speaker 6 examine the lifecycle challenges of applications, emphasizing the importance of operational sign-off and controlling version deployments to specific targets.
Andre discusses how the workload orchestrator will recognize new application descriptions and the necessity of a mechanism to manage upgrades. Armand proposes formulating a problem statement and issue within the spec repository to tackle these challenges and collect potential solutions. Arne consents to create a PR aimed at renaming components to workloads and enhancing the prominence of the term "workload" in the application description.

**Clarifying Terminology and Defining Relationships**
The group addresses the need to clarify the meanings of "application," "workload," and "component" and how they relate to each other. Andre proposes leveraging existing package management concepts from Linux to enhance the clarity and consistency of the terminology. Armand stresses the importance of explicitly defining the connections among these terms and suggests a visual representation, like a Russian doll diagram, to aid understanding. Additionally, Erik underscores the necessity of establishing a one-to-many relationship between workloads and components, highlighting the significance of consistent terminology in technical discussion definition.

**Proposing Solutions and Next Steps**
Andre suggests writing a blog post to clarify the connection between Margo's package management and current Linux package management concepts. Arne agrees to create a PR to rename components as workloads and emphasise "workload" more prominently in the application description. The group discusses the need for additional proposals and community feedback to fine-tune the terminology and ensure it aligns with the intended goals. Deepak provides an update on issue number 40, highlighting the difficulties of hosting several independent applications on a single cluster and the need for appropriate solutions.

**Addressing Resource Conflicts and Isolation**
Deepak talks about the difficulties of preventing port and resource conflicts when running several independent applications on one cluster. Erik and Andre highlight the necessity for a unified approach to addressing resource conflicts and the possible Kubernetes solutions. Deepak emphasises the importance of a registry of reserved resources for applications, noting the added complexity this would introduce to the model. The team agrees to further the conversation in the issue and consider additional ideas and possible solutions for resource management conflicts.

**Closing Remarks and Action Items**
The group decides to keep the conversation regarding the issues and draft PRs for the suggested changes. Armand highlights the significance of community feedback and the necessity for precise definitions and connections between the terms. 
