## Margo Device Requirements Focus Group Meeting - 19 June 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDADA)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric) - Chair
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)

### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at [https://openprofile.dev](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings). The discussion broadly covered: 

* EasyCLA Issue and Pull Requests:
   - Merrill is still waiting for the ECLA issue to be resolved before making a pull request.
   - Current changes are stable and waiting in VSCode.
* Device Orchestration:
   - Discussion about device capabilities and how they should be reported.
   - Clarification on resource tracking via HOTEL and ensuring synchronization with device capabilities.
   - Agreement that real-time resource usage will be reported by HOTEL, while the device capabilities file will outline the device's potential resources.
* Device Capabilities Issue on GitHub:
   - Review and discussion of comments on GitHub.
   - Agreement to move forward with the current proposal and address any further concerns from Julian if they arise later.
* Tracking Vendors and Products:
   - Discussion on improving the tracking system for vendors and their products.
   - Agreement to revive the work group repository to host device information in a structured format (e.g., JSON or YAML).
   - Plan to migrate the current spreadsheet data into the repository for better tracking and management.

**Open Items:**
   - Prepare to migrate the current device tracking spreadsheet into the workgroup repository once it is set up.
   - Stand up the work group repository to host device information.
   - Coordinate with Merrill to ensure the repository includes all necessary device details and is updated regularly.
   - Review the updated device capabilities proposal on GitHub.
   - Prepare for the next meeting to discuss any further updates or issues.
