## Margo Workload Orchestration Agent Focus Group Meeting - 13 August 2024

### Attendees:
* Dr. Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens)
* Andreas Ziller (Siemens AG)
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
* Dave Denison (Emerson)
* Deepak Gunjal (Capgemini)
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA)
* Himanshu Singh (Capgemini)
* Jason Shepherd (Atym)
* Jory Burson (The Linux Foundation)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* Liam Randall (Cosmonic)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Michael Sanchez (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)

### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings. The topics covered included: 

* Rest API Implementation:
   - Discussion centered around using a REST API for operations such as agent onboarding, device capability reporting, and deployment status updates.
   - There was a consensus on using REST APIs, though details like encoding formats (e.g., JSON, Protobuf) are yet to be determined.

* Pre-Draft Specification and Prototyping:
   - The current phase is focused on gaining consensus on key topics before moving forward with prototyping and more detailed specifications.
   - The group aims to ensure that decisions are aligned before formally writing them into the pre-draft specification.

* GitOps Approach:
   - There was discussion on adopting an open GitOps approach for storing deployment specifications in a Git repository and pulling them down to the edge service.
   - Potential impacts include the maintenance of Git infrastructure and the implementation on edge devices.

* Device Capabilities and Information Requirements:
   - Proposed a set of device information that would be required, though this is still open for discussion.

* Security and Authentication:
   - Two key topics were discussed:
     - Use of certificates (X.509) for device identification and authentication.
     - Ensuring transport security and integrity in scenarios involving cloud scaling and proxy inspection, with a focus on object signing and hybrid security models (e.g., mutual TLS).

* Deployment Specification Format:
   - Proposal to use Kubernetes CRD YAML for the deployment specification. Docker Compose edge specifications are still under investigation.

* Device Management Strategy:
   - Discussion on different levels of device orchestration compliance. The focus is on whether a device vendor allows third-party device orchestration management or maintains a proprietary approach.

* Terminology and Categorization:
   - There was a need to agree on clear terminology (e.g., "Margo compliant" vs. "Margo compatible") and how different device capabilities are categorized (e.g., tiered approaches).

* Community Engagement and Feedback:
   - Armand highlighted challenges in obtaining consistent feedback from the broader group. Emphasis was placed on improving engagement through smaller, more focused issues and proposals.

**Open Items:**
   - Armand Craig will create individual GitHub issues linked to the topics discussed, prompting vendors and members for feedback. The goal is to gather feedback by next week, with flexibility for extensions if needed.
   - Members are encouraged to review Armand Craig’s and Phil’s pull requests (PRs) related to the pre-draft specification. These PRs include restructured content and navigation improvements.
   - Jory Burson will ensure all relevant members are added to the new approvers’ team in GitHub for easier tagging and participation in feedback processes.
   - Further Discussion on Device Management Terminology - A proposal will be developed to finalize the terminology and categorization for different device management levels.
   - Members are expected to review the issues and PRs before the next meeting. The feedback process is crucial for progressing with the pre-draft specifications and subsequent prototyping phases.