## Margo Workload Orchestration Agent Focus Group Meeting - 17 Sept 2024

### Attendees:
* Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation) - Chair
* Andreas Ziller (Siemens AG)
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Adam Qiu (Emerson)
* Amir Varastehhajipour (Siemens AG)
* Russel Callen (Intel Corporation)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Mark Riddoch (Dianomic)
* Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
* himanshu singh (Capgemini)
* deepak gunjal (Capgemini)
* Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)
* Stephen Berard (Atym)
* Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)

### Minutes
The call was recorded and is available to Members at https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings. The topics covered included: 


### MoM
#### General Meeting Summary 
The meeting focused on the progress and challenges of the workload orchestration project. Key points included 
the merging of the PR for the Management API interface, the closure of the decision tracker for the REST API, 
and the ongoing work on the device capabilities format and deployment specification. Specific tasks discussed 
were improving the agent enrollment process, ensuring resource matching, and integrating access tokens for private repositories. 
Concerns were raised about the complexity of using GitOps and the potential need for multiple APIs. 
The team agreed to use REST and curl for deployment spec pull instead of GitOps to avoid additional complexity.

#### Minutes
**GitHub Interactions and Specification Updates**
Armand shares that the PR has been merged, and the website has been built, directing to specification.margo.org.
The latest proposal for the Management API interface has been integrated.
Armand hopes this will free up others working on individual components.
The decision tracker for the REST API has been closed, and improvements will be made to the descriptions.

**Device Capabilities Format and Deployment Specification**
Armand discusses the device capabilities format proposal and the need to match application requirements with device capabilities.
Discussions with the RNAs group are ongoing to ensure resources match app descriptions.
The deployment specification will be improved to include access tokens for local and cloud repositories.
Armand will work with RNA to access private registries, merging related issues into their project.

**Agent Enrollment Process and Certificate Management**
Armand explains the proposed methodology for the agent enrollment process, involving an open endpoint for signing requests.
Tom commented on the user-friendliness of the diagram, and Armand plans to improve it.
The discussion includes the challenge of securely downloading certificates without prior certificates.
Armand mentions the contribution from the LF edge community on using unsecured API endpoints for signing requests.

**Mutual TLS and Documentation Improvements**
Armand and Tom discuss the challenges of mutual TLS in cloud-to-edge traversal, including issues with man-in-the-middle proxies.
Armand plans to improve documentation on using HTTP via REST, not just mutual TLS.
Tom requests more historical conversations on MTLS issues for better understanding.
Armand will find and forward relevant information on MTLS and mutual TLS challenges.

**Sequence Diagrams and Mermaid Notation**
Armand and Andreas discuss using Mermaid notation for sequence diagrams, which is easily understood and versioned.
Andreas explains the benefits of Mermaid, including its integration with various tools and its simplicity.
Tom mentions the challenge of complex diagrams shrinking when dense with objects.
Armand and Andreas agree to keep diagrams simple and use Mermaid for versioning and ease of understanding.

**Deployment Specification and Helm Charts**
Armand explains the deployment specification process, including the use of Helm charts and the orchestrator preparing the deployment definition.
Tom asks for clarification on the use of Helm charts and the parameters needed for device configuration.
Armand confirms that the app developer is responsible for the Margot.YAML file, which provides parameters for the orchestrator.
The discussion includes the need to parameterize and overwrite individual Docker manifests for local repositories.

**GitOps and REST-Based Deployment**
Armand and Tom discuss the use of GitOps and the potential challenges of maintaining multiple paths for deployment.
Julien raises concerns about specifying the API, not the tool, and the complexity of securing multiple paths.
Armand mentions the consensus to use REST and curl for deployment spec pull instead of GitOps.
The discussion includes the need to support both REST and GitOps mechanisms without conflict.

**Security and Encryption of Deployment Specs**
Armand discusses the proposal to encrypt the messaging via the x509 certificate for security.
The encryption will be implemented on both the orchestration and device sides.
Armand plans to merge the security component into the proposed specification.
The discussion includes ensuring the desired state or deployment spec is encrypted back and forth.

**Final Thoughts and Next Steps**
Armand summarizes the meeting, mentioning the need to consolidate notes and continue research on open GitOps and REST-based deployment.
The discussion includes the importance of maintaining the abstraction of transport and the challenges of implementing GitOps and REST mechanisms.
Armand plans to create a new decision tracker for the REST-based deployment and continue discussions on the next call.
The meeting concludes with a call for further research and collaboration to address the open topics.

### Action Items
- [ ] Improve the device enrollment process documentation and diagrams.
- [ ] Research how to specify access to private repositories in the deployment spec.
- [ ] Evaluate using Mermaid diagrams to version sequence diagrams in markdown.
- [ ] Clarify the agent-orchestrator API abstraction versus specific implementations.
