## WOA - Technical Group adhoc - 03 Dec 2024

### Attendees:
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd, Group) - Chair
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
* Silvano Cirujano Cuesta (Siemens AG)
* Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)
* Andreas Ziller (Siemens)
* Josh Swanson (RedHat)
* Tim Mirth (RedHat)


### Summary meeting notes
The team discussed the Margo interface Working Group's third proposal, focusing on the scoping for the preview release. Key points included the differences between the initial file-based proposal and the current REST API approach, which provides the application's desired states. Concerns about the complexity and security implications of rendering templates on edge devices versus the cloud were raised. Josh emphasized the importance of maintaining a centralized orchestrator for heavy lifting, while Phil highlighted potential issues with scripting dependencies in Helm charts. The team agreed to further discuss these concerns and explore the implications for future deployment types, such as virtual machines.

### Minutes

**Proposal Overview and Initial Discussion** - Armand welcomes everyone and mentions that he has been busy with the automation fair but is now trying to catch up on meeting notes and proposals. He asks Phil to begin with the third proposal in the Woah Interface Working Group repository, specifically focusing on the scope for the preview release. Phil states that he has updated the proposal with notes from Eric and offers to review it briefly  Phil then explains the three proposals, highlighting the main differences between them, particularly concerning the information returned in the response.

**Scope and Initial Proposal Details** - Phil explains the initial scope, which includes basic actions such as deploying, deleting, and updating applications.  Armand notes that the original proposal was to use open GitOps to reconcile the desired states from the orchestration software to the edge devices. However, there was pushback regarding open GitOps, which led to the current alternative strategy of using a REST API.  Armand discussed the current status and discusses the proposed scope, as well as the concerns related to using open GitOps at the edge devices.

**Concerns and Alternative Strategies** - Armand reads comments from Merril and others expressing concerns about using GitOps as a standard, preferring a REST API instead. Josh shares his thoughts, emphasizing that GitOps is a methodology rather than a product, and he discusses the core concept of making code a reality. While Josh does not have a strong opinion about GitOps being a mandatory methodology, he believes it is the right approach for large-scale deployments. He highlights the need to define how application configurations are delivered to devices, whether through Helm or Docker Compose. Armand and Josh discuss the differences between the current paradigm and the proposed alternative, focusing on the responsibilities of the orchestrator and the edge device.

**Detailed Technical Discussion** - Armand and Josh continue to discuss the technical details, focusing on the responsibilities of the orchestrator and the edge device in rendering and applying templates. Phil expresses concerns about the new approach, particularly regarding the need for additional services on the edge device and the increased amount of data transmitted over the network.  Josh emphasizes the importance of keeping the responsibilities of the edge device minimal and utilizing the orchestrator for more complex tasks. They also explore the implications of the proposed approach, noting the necessity for additional tooling and the potential complexity it could introduce. Phil and Josh discuss the current paradigm compared to the proposed alternative, underscoring the need for further discussion and consideration.

**Final Thoughts and Next Steps** - Armand summarizes the main points of the discussion, highlighting the differences in responsibilities between the orchestrator and the edge device. He suggests including the diagram in the current issue to encourage further discussion and feedback from the community. Sean raises the topic of the upcoming face-to-face meeting in Boston and proposes that everyone start considering the agenda and topics for discussion.  Armand agrees and mentions that this will be included in the agenda for the next meeting, where they will continue to discuss the proposed alternative approach.  The meeting concludes with everyone agreeing to reconvene next week to further discuss the topic and review the feedback from the community.

### Action Items
- [ ] Armand to paste the diagram illustrating the two approaches in the relevant GitHub issue to prompt further discussion.
- [ ] The group to revisit this topic and get input from Microsoft and other members during the upcoming in-person meeting in Boston.
