## WOA - Technical Group adhoc - 19 Nov 2024

### Attendees:
* Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
* Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
* Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
* Philip Presson (ABB Switzerland Ltd, Group) - Chair
* Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
* Silvano Cirujano Cuesta (Siemens AG)
* Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)

### General Meeting Notes
The team discussed proposals for managing device state using REST APIs. Phil modified Armand's proposal, emphasizing the use of a desired state hash and application IDs in requests. Erik and Julien highlighted the importance of optimizing bandwidth and processing by sending only changed manifests. They debated whether to include deleted applications explicitly or infer them from missing hashes. The group agreed on the need for ordered YAML files for easier diffs. Phil will draft a third proposal incorporating feedback, and the team plans to prototype the API, focusing on efficient state updates and handling out-of-sync scenarios.

### Minutes

**Explanation of State Hash and Request Format** -
Phil clarifies the term "state hash" as a collection manifest or current deployment status.
Erik questions the terminology, leading to a discussion on the state hash's purpose.
Phil explains the request format, including the current state hash and application ID with the manifest hash.
Merrill joined late and sought clarification on the REST API for device management.

**Detailed Request and Response Examples** -
Phil provides a detailed example of the request and response format, including the commit hash and application IDs.
Merrill suggests inviting Julian to join the discussion, highlighting the similarity to a proposal Julian and he was working on.
Erik and Phil discuss the implications of using a commit hash and the potential for different identifiers.
The group considers the need for a more descriptive term than "commit hash."

**Scenario Walkthrough and Optimization Concerns** -
Phil outlines scenarios for different device states, including no current state, no desired state, and changes in the desired state.
Erik and Julien discuss the implications of sending empty posts and the need for a clear identifier for the desired state.
The group considers the bandwidth and processing implications of sending full-state descriptions versus changes only.
Erik suggests that the desired state should be a Merkle tree to optimize bandwidth and processing.

**Discussion on Declarative vs. Procedural Approach** -
Julien questions the complexity of the API and suggests a more straightforward GET request for state updates.
Erik and Julien argue for a more straightforward API to reduce device processing despite the potential for more calls.
The group discusses the trade-offs between declarative and procedural approaches, with Julien emphasizing the need for optimization.
Erik and Julien agree that the device should only send changes while the server handles the full state.

**Finalizing the Proposal and Next Steps** -
Phil proposes creating a third proposal that includes feedback from the discussion, focusing on sending only changes.
The group agrees that the current state hash can identify out-of-sync conditions.
Erik suggests mandating ordered YAML to simplify diffing and ensure consistency.
The group discusses the method for retrieving additional files, with Phil mentioning using OCI registries for Helm charts and Docker Compose files.

**Prototype and Implementation Plans** -
Phil mentions having a prototype for the endpoint and invites others to review it.
Julien suggests combining efforts and working together on the prototype.
The group agreed to work on a unified prototype and continue refining the API based on feedback.
Phil and Julien discuss the need for additional resources to work on the prototype and implement the API.
