Armand opens the meeting at 15:00 BST

### Summary Meeting Notes
The meeting focused on device capabilities and interface proposals. Armand discussed ongoing discussions in Discord and collaboration with Nawan John. The team is gathering interface proposals, with one pending from Avasa, and plans to build prototypes for community testing. Hashi mentioned a prototype AI tool in Symphony for testing interfaces. A deep dive session is scheduled for next Thursday to review these proposals. Armand also highlighted a Memorandum of Understanding between Margo and Fido for onboarding activities. Carl proposed extending Symphony's agent capabilities to align with proposed interface changes, which will be discussed in the deep dive.

### Action Items
- [ ] Schedule a deep dive session with Symphony to discuss their testing tool and how it can be used to evaluate the interface proposals.
- [ ] Summarise the community's questions and discussion points about Symphony to prepare for the deep dive session.
- [ ] Correlate the requirements received from product management with the queries and improvements suggested for the specification.
- [ ] Present the API proposal for the Symphony extension to support the split between call home process and protocol operations.

### Minutes

**Discussion on Device Capabilities and Proposals**
Armand opens the meeting by outlining the agenda, emphasising the focus on device capabilities and workload requirements. He shares feedback from Discord regarding these capabilities and mentions collaborating with Nawan John, the new product owner, to summarise discussions. Proposals for device capabilities within the well interfaces working group are needed, along with prototypes for community testing and the establishment of a development team to manage these prototypes.

**Interface Proposals and Prototypes**
Armand discusses the collection of interface proposals, noting that one is still pending from Avasa. He stresses the importance of testing prototypes and mentions forming a development team to manage them. Armand asks Carl if his proposal for the interface is ready for today, highlighting ongoing activities and the need for prototypes to determine the best option.

**Symphony AI Testing Tool**
Armand mentions Hashi's note about Symphony developing an AI testing tool for verifying interface options. Hashi confirms a prototype exists and suggests a deep dive session in Symphony. They discuss what components are needed from community proposals to generate API mockups. Hashi explains how to use the AI tool for mockups, highlighting the flexibility of starting with either simple descriptions or detailed specifications.

**Scheduling Deep Dive Session**
Armand proposes scheduling a deep dive session in Symphony next Thursday, with Hashi confirming their availability. He plans to summarise the community's queries and discussions to prepare for the session, emphasising its importance for enhancing the community's understanding and testing.

**Memorandum of Understanding with Fido**
Armand suggests scheduling a deep dive session in Symphony to address the community's queries and discussions. To prepare, Armand plans to summarise higher-level topics from the community's queries, emphasising the session's importance for understanding and testing.

**Finalizing Pull Request and API Proposals**
Armand mentions finalising a pull request to maintain consistency in the workload fleet manager lexicon across all markdowns. He encourages community participation in proposals for device capabilities and interface ideas. Armand emphasises the importance of integrating Symphony with the open-source fleet manager for consistent testing and development. He plans to collaborate with Carl on presenting his API proposal during the deep dive session.

**Enrollment Process and Helm Charts**
Armand discusses the importance of having proposals reviewed before considering the enrollment process. He mentions the decision tracker for ingesting Helm charts in the fleet manager and how it correlates with product management requirements. Armand stresses the need to avoid external registries and highlights the role of the app package content application vendor. He emphasises the necessity for consistent requirements and queries from the technical working group to enhance the specifications.

**Closing Remarks and Next Steps**
Armand summarises the key points from the meeting, including the upcoming deep dive session and the Fido presentations. He plans to collaborate with Hashi to prepare for the session and address all community queries. Armand encourages everyone to mark their calendars for the deep dive and review the video if they canâ€™t attend. He closes the meeting with thanks for everyone's participation and time!
