### Attendees
- himanshu singh (Capgemini)
- Philip Presson (ABB)
- Merrill Harriman (Schneider Electric)
- Armand Craig (Rockwell Automation)
- Michael Adler (Siemens AG)
- Erik Nordmark (ZEDEDA, Inc.)
- Silvano Cirujano Cuesta (Siemens AG)
- Robert Chavez (Intel)
- Adam Qiu (Emerson)
- Bart Nieuwborg (Rockwell Automation)
- Leste Villecroze (Schneider Electric)
- Christian Storm (Siemens AG)
- Sean Mcilroy (The Linux Foundation)
- Julien Duquesnay (Schneider Electric)
- deepak gunjal (Capgemini)
- James Teal (Rockwell Automation)
- Russel Callen (Intel - US)
- Kristopher Clark 
- Bill Paczkowski (Emerson)
- Segev Ben Hayon (Schneider Electric)
- Andreas Z (Siemens)
- Tom Counihan (Intel Corporation)

Armond opens the meeting at 15:00 GMT

### Summary Meeting Notes

The team discussed a new strategy for addressing complex issues between meetings through a problem statement issue template in GitHub. This template allows multiple solutions to be proposed and debated without cluttering individual issue threads. Examples included retrieving desired states from the workload fleet manager and REST API solutions. The team emphasized the importance of clear communication and collaboration, suggesting a dedicated meeting to present and discuss multiple proposals. They also highlighted the need for a feedback loop with the product management group to ensure requirements align with technical solutions and are appropriately communicated.

### Minutes
**Problem Statement Issue Template Introduction** -
Armand explains the template's purpose: to engage the community and enable contributors to propose solutions between meetings. The template seeks to address overarching issues with various solutions, facilitating collaboration and the submission of proposals. Armand emphasises the new issue template in GitHub, created for complex problems with multiple associated requirements.

**Details of the Problem Statement Issue Template** -
Armand outlines the template's components: a brief description of the complex issue, optional solutions, and associated requirements. The template features a drop-down menu to select which components the problem statement affects. The aim is to connect the problem statement to individual working group repositories for proposal submissions. Armand highlights the significance of the template in enhancing interoperability and effectively addressing issues.

**Examples and Use Cases** -
Armand presents two examples from Phil to illustrate the use of the problem statement issue template. The first example concerns the decision against mandating Git for the backend and the necessity to retrieve the desired state from the workload fleet manager. Armand highlights the significance of secure transport mechanisms and identification for the desired state. The second example encompasses three proposals for REST API solutions, linking to individual working group repositories for collaboration.

**Discussion on the Template's Effectiveness** -
Erik questions the categorisation of issues as examples and their utility for others to follow. Phil clarifies that the tagged issues are valid examples but can be removed once discussed. Erik suggests discussions and clarifications should occur within the issue rather than solely through proposals. Armand agrees, observing that the template is intended to streamline discussions and proposals regarding complex issues.

**Strategizing the Use of the Template** -
Armand views the template as integral to the programme's development, shifting away from unmanageable chat-based discussions. The template will connect parent specification issues to individual working group repositories for technical collaboration. Armand details the working group repositories and their roles in the process. Phil stresses that not all issues require a problem statement; only complex ones with multiple solutions should do so.

**Next Steps and Meeting Structure** -
Armand proposes using the upcoming meeting to present and discuss the proposals related to the problem statements. Christian suggests scheduling a separate meeting to present the proposals and allow participants time to prepare. Armand agrees and suggests rescheduling next week's meeting for this purpose. He will create new problem statements regarding device capabilities and workload status updates, linking to proposal locations in the technical working group repository.

**Feedback and Final Thoughts** -
Christian raises concerns regarding the product management group's involvement in technical decisions and the necessity for clear processes. Armand acknowledges the importance of a feedback loop and will collaborate with Sean to establish procedures for managing requirements. Christian suggests using the upcoming meeting to update everyone on the proposals and to make decisions. Armand agrees and will contact those with proposals to ensure their availability for the next meeting.

###Â Action Items
- [ ] Create problem statement issues for the device capabilities and workload status update topics.
- [ ] Reach out to people with existing solution proposals and ensure they can present at the next meeting.
- [ ] Schedule the next meeting to be focused on presenting and discussing the solution proposals for the "get alternatives" problem.
