## Meeting attendees
- Michael Adler -Siemens AG	
- Merrill Harriman - Schneider Electric	
- Karthik G	- Xeeed IO
- deepak gunjal	- Capgemini
- Tom Counihan - Intel Corporation
- Stefan Vallin	- Avassa Systems
- Armand Craig - Rockwell Automation - Chair
- Julien Duquesnay - Schneider Electric
- Leste Villecroze - Schneider Electric
- Liam Randall - Cosmonic
- Sean Mcilroy - Linux Foundation
- Erik Nordmark - ZEDEDA, Inc.
- James Teal - Rockwell Automation
- Philip Presson - ABB
- himanshu singh - Capgemini
- Mark Riddoch - Dianomic
- Bill Paczkowski	- Emerson

## Armond opens the meeting at 15:00 GMT

## Summary Meeting Notes

The meeting focused on defining device capabilities and their integration with the workload orchestration agent. Key proposals included using Kubernetes labels, adopting the Kubernetes API, and leveraging existing standards like TOSCA and Web of Things. The discussion highlighted the need for a standard format for device capabilities, emphasizing key-value pairs for essential attributes like memory, storage, and CPU architecture. The team debated the importance of vendor-specific attributes and the necessity of a standardized interface for interoperability. The need for precise requirements and documentation of proposals and decisions was stressed to streamline future discussions and decision-making.

## Minutes
**Kickoff and Introduction**
Armand greets the new participants and outlines the call's focus. He talks about how the 2025 kickoff meeting will influence the focus group. During the workshop, the technical working group added a new column for the preview release. Armand emphasizes the importance of finalizing a set of requirements by the product owner group.

**Device Capabilities and Proposals**
Armand opens the discussion by defining device capabilities and their influence on the workload fleet manager. Several approaches to describing these capabilities are explored, such as the Web of Things, TOSCA, and the Kubernetes API. Himanshu proposes classifying device capabilities into three categories: physical attributes, semi-static attributes, and dynamic telemetry. Merrill stresses the importance of having a consistent set of requirements to evaluate these proposals.

**Telemetry and Observability**
Erik brings up the need to report consumable changes, such as CPU cores and GPUs, to the fleet manager. Liam proposes employing labels and key-value pairs, drawing inspiration from Kubernetes and the WASM cloud ecosystem. Armand concurs, agreeing to consider labels to standardize device capabilities. Karthik recommends creating an architecture diagram to illustrate the current and desired states of the system.

**Onboarding and Orchestration**
Andre discusses the intricacies of onboarding devices and underlines the importance of outlining the device orchestration serviceâ€™s scope. Armand points out that the primary focus is on managing workloads and reporting device capabilities. Erik stresses having a standardized interface linking the VOA and the fleet manager. Meanwhile, Liam and Merrill highlight the value of leveraging existing solutions while advocating for a more focused scope in the initial release.

**Standardization and Interoperability**
Armand and Erik discuss the need for a unified format for device capabilities and the difficulties of achieving standardization across various hardware vendors. Merrill proposes that content and transport mechanisms should be handled independently. Andre highlights the importance of utilizing existing Kubernetes mechanisms to streamline the process. Armand and Erik concur on standardizing key-value pairs and attributes specific to vendors.

**Proposals and Documentation**
Tom recommends exploring libvirt as a source of inspiration for device-oriented standards. Armand points out the necessity of evaluating proposals and highlights the difficulty of validating them due to unclear requirements. Phil and Tom stress the significance of recording proposals and decisions for future reference. Armand consents to enhance the documentation process for these proposals and decisions.

**Final Remarks and Next Steps**
Armand appreciates the feedback and highlights that issues can be discussed further on GitHub. Phil and Tom emphasize the importance of written proposals and documentation to enhance productivity and decision-making. In response, Armand commits to developing templates for documenting proposals and decisions to expedite the progress of the focus group. The meeting wraps up with a reminder for everyone to participate in the next session for additional discussions.

### Action Items
- [ ] Develop a template for documenting proposals and decisions.
- [ ] Document the group's proposal for the minimum required device capability attributes and the approach for handling vendor-specific attributes.
- [ ] Investigate the libvirt approach for device capability representation and assess its applicability.
- [ ] Ensure that the documented proposals and decisions are reviewed and approved by the group to maintain consistency.
